Nigeria's Central Bank has changed therules governing its foreign exchange auctions in what analystssee as a means of defending the naira currency, which hasdepreciated steadily.    The bank said in a statement that from April 2, banksbidding for foreign exchange would have to pay at the rate theyoffered and not, as presently, at the rate of the lowestsuccessful bid made at the auction.    This should discourage banks from bidding high to ensurethat they were successful while paying the lower "marginal" rate,analysts said.    "It should act as a brake because banks will know that ifthey bid high they will have to pay what they offered," aWestern diplomat commented.    The naira has depreciated against the dollar by 62 pctsince the auctions, known as the Second-Tier Foreign ExchangeMarket (SFEM), began last September 26.    At last week's session the Nigerian currency was fixed at4.0 to the dollar, the third fall in a row.    "They were clearly worried... And this is the logical way oftrying to stop the trend," the diplomat said.    The Central Bank also announced the auctions would befortnightly, not weekly, beginning on April 2.    It was not immediately clear whether next Thursday'sscheduled session would still take place, nor if the bank wasplanning to double the 50 mln dlrs which are normally on offerat each auction.    Demand for foreign exchange has consistently outstrippedsupply, encouraging banks to bid high and thus furtherweakening the naira.    If the normal weekly allocation is not doubled at thefortnightly session, high demand could undermine the objectiveof the new system, analysts said.    Although bidding banks will now pay what they offered, theofficial exchange rate for the naira applying to businesstransactions will continue to be the marginal rate -- thelowest successful bid.    SFEM is a central part of Nigeria's structural adjustmentprogram, which is considered to be the most ambitious economicrecovery plan in Black Africa.    The program involves setting a realistic exchange rate forthe naira, which was over-valued for many years, liberalisingimports, boosting agriculture, removing subsidies and reducinginefficient government participation in the economy.    The World Bank has played a prominent part in designingthis dramatic blue-print and in selling it to an oftensceptical public which fears inflation and lower livingstandards.    Ishrat Husain, the World Bank's representative in Nigeria,said yesterday he was satisfied both with the adjustmentprogram as a whole and the foreign exchange auctions.    "So far so good" he told a meeting of bankers in Lagos,adding that only members of Nigeria's import-dependent elitewould suffer hardship while the common man would benefit.    Fears that the program would encourage inflation wereincorrect, he said.    Bumper harvests had reduced rural inflation and urbanprices had already reflected the naira's black market valuebefore the currency was allowed to find its true level lastSeptember. REUTER&#3;