U.S. Trade Representative ClaytonYeutter said it was all but certain President Reagan would goahead today and impose curbs on Japanese exports as planned.    Asked in a television interview what the chance was forReagan to cancel the scheduled 100 pct tariffs on Japaneseelectronic exports, he said "slim to none."    Reagan announced on March 27 he would impose the tariffs toretaliate for Japan's failure to honor a 1986 agreement to enddumping computer semiconductors in world markets at less thancost and to open its home markets to U.S. products.    Yeutter, on the NBC program "Today," said the United Statesdid not want to terminate the agreement and would dropthe tariffs once Japan began fulfilling the agreement.    He said Japanese negotiators last week told U.S. officialsthey were honoring the pact, but Yeutter said it would taketime to monitor any compliance.    Asked how long that would take, he said "We want to see apattern of compliance, so in a minimum I would say that wouldtake a few weeks."    Yeutter said he did not think there would be much consumerimpact by the tariffs on 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese goodsbecause the items selected are also readily available fromother countries and manufacturers.    He said he did not think Japan would retaliate.    "It seems to me it is not in the interests of either countryto get in an escalating conflict.  The Japanese understand thatfull well," Yeutter said.    He added Japan might challenge the tariffs in the GeneralAgreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), but "that's more of apaper kind of exercise and I don't really expect to see anyadverse impact on U.S. trade."    Yeutter also said he did not see any way the semiconductorissue could be resolved before or during a Washington visitlater this month by Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone.    He said he hoped the visit, which is to have trade as amajor issue, would be productive but "I don't see any practicalway to resolve this particular dispute before or during hisvisit." reuter&#3;