Better times for the hard hitnatural gas industry remains two to three years away as aseemingly intractable supply bubble continues to depress salesand prices, industry officials said.    An uncertain regulatory environment, disputes over Canadianpricing policies and unusually warm winters are working againsta quick recovery in the sector, a number of corporate andgovernment speakers told an energy conference here.    "We see a tough, tough short-term market, both as to priceand volume," said Michael Phelps, vice president of &lt;WestcoastTransmission Co Ltd>, a major Canadian natural gas carrier.    But Phelps predicted a fall in U.S. supply -- caused by asharp drop in exploration -- and a slight demand increaseshould help to burn off the excess supply by 1990.    As a result, Canadian gas exports to the U.S. market shouldrise to up to 1.5 trillion cubic feet a year by the end of thedecade, nearly double 1986's total.    The health of the Canadian industry is heavily dependent onthe U.S. market where nearly one third of Canada's gasproduction is sent.    Cuba Wadlington, a vice president at Northwest PipelineCorp of Salt Lake City, shared the view that markets could bein balance by 1990.    He said while North American demand for natural gas hasflattened at about 18 trillion cubic feet a year, a return tomore colder winters in the next few years could quickly tightensupplies.    "Things are clearly working towards a shrinking of thebubble," Wadlington told Reuters in an interview.    However, recent decisions by the U.S. Federal EnergyRegulatory Commission (FERC) were sharply criticized byCanadian delegates who suggested the moves could prevent thecountry from participating in the market's recovery.    The key dispute, known as the as billed issue, involves aruling last December by FERC which effectively bars U.S.pipeline companies and consumers from paying certain Canadianshipping expenses.    The Canadian government believes the ruling could severelyweaken the country's gas producers. "Besides theextra-territorial effect, there is the potential that Conadianproducers and consumers may end up subsidizing the cost oftransportation services originally incurred on behalf of U.S.customers," said Robert Skinner, an assistant deputy minister inCanada's energy department.    But FERC Chairman Martha Hesse told the conference theruling was really intended "to assure equal, fair and opencompetition in the pricing of natural gas sold within ourcountry -- whatever the source of the gas."    Hesse maintained Canadian gas was crucial to the emergenceof a freely competitive, continent-wide, energy market.    Speaking to concerns in Canada that the U.S. is seeking tolimit Canadian gas shipments, Hesse said such a move would workagainst the long-term interest of American consumers. "We trulyconstitute a North American market," she said. "Natural gasmoving through pipelines recognizes no boundries." Reuter&#3;