More U.S. And European firms will befalling prey to Japanese corporations bulging with cash andeager to extend their reach further overseas, according tomerger and acquisitions specialists polled by Reuters.    Already, rich Japanese companies have pounced on U.S.Banks, steel and other businesses.    In the latest attempt, Fujitsu Ltd &lt;ITSU.T> -- Japan'sbiggest computer maker -- unsuccessfully bid for &lt;FairchildSemiconductor Corp>, a U.S. Microchip maker which suppliescomponents for supercomputers.    Nomura Securities Co Ltd &lt;NMSC.T> and Daiwa Securities CoLtd &lt;DSEC.T>, Japan's two largest brokerage firms, are seekinga niche in the U.S. And European securities markets, while thecountry's huge banks are looking for strongholds in overseasbanking, the takeover specialists said.    Major trading houses, which see their profits evaporatingin the heat of increased competition in merchandise trade, allhave foreign businesses on their shopping lists.    Among manufacturers, car parts makers are under the mostpressure to buy up overseas companies and follow the big automakers they subcontract for as these move offshore.    "The timing is favourable for Japanese parties to buy uppotential overseas businesses, especially in the U.S. --Japan's largest market and where political risks are minimal," atakeover specialist at one trading company said.    Japanese companies have become among the world's richestafter a series of boom export years and as the yen has climbedagainst the dollar by some 40 pct in the past 18 months.    But the yen's strength, which has also raised the costs ofJapan's exports and allowed its Asian neighbours to move intoits traditional markets, has frozen Japanese corporate growth,the specialists said.    Looming trade friction is also threatening to erect morebarriers against Japanese exports.    Japanese firms see overseas acquisitions as a way to avoidthe gloomy growth outlook and put their excess cash to work.Domestic interest rates, now at record lows, offer littleinvestment opportunity.    "Japanese interest in acquisitions has been continuous, butthe recent economic factors have become a driving force," said abanking industry source.    So far, though, the Japanese are being cautious.    While mergers and acquisitions among U.S. Firms number inthe thousands, Japanese buyouts of overseas companies havetotalled just a few dozen, one merchant banker said.    Another merchant banker said that a flurry of Japaneseacquisition activity was originally expected five years fromnow, but that time span appeared now to be too long.    Japanese firms are becoming more aggressive now, he said.    A turning point seemed to be Dainippon Ink and ChemicalsInc's &lt;DIAC.T> takeover bid for &lt;Sun Chemical Corp> of the U.S.Last year, which some analysts saw as somewhat hostile, headded.    Dainippon Ink bought Sun Chemical's graphic arts group for550 mln dlrs late last year, after an earlier unsolicited bidfor the whole company. Sun Chemical refused to sell its entirebusiness after learning that Dainippon planned to liquidate allbut its graphic arts-related businesses.    Hostile takeovers are considered unethical and frowned uponby the Japanese, the trading company official says. "Japanesepeople don't like fighting. They prefer peaceful amicabledeals." But now after some experience overseas, Japanesecompanies are acquainted with local practice, he adds. "This isa healthy progression."    However, the experts do not expect the Japanese to run theboard meetings of any giant U.S. Or European concerns.    "Japanese companies are not fully confident in managing alarge U.S. Or European corporation," one banker said. "They willexpand their operations only gradually, a typical way forJapanese business."    A foreign merchant banker also noted, "There are not manymega-deals left to do in the United States. A lot of the bigdeals there have already been done."    But medium-size and small concerns are potential targets ofJapanese companies, the specialists said.    Japanese will be aiming for new businesses inhigh-technology areas. "Japanese companies had used technologyand quality to get where they are and are unlikely to deviatefrom that trend," one takeover specialist said.    Many are watching the results of the first acquisitions. Ifthese succeed, activity could build, the specialists said.    But few such specialists are going to sit back and waituntil the action begins. Already, they said, Japanese tradinghouses, long-term credit and commercial banks, brokerages andforeign merchant banks have set up research sections to act asgo-betweens in deals or find good buys for themselves. REUTER&#3;