A senior representative of thefinancially-troubled U.S. farm credit system is expected forthe first time tomorrow to ask Congress to provide assurancesthat stock held by system borrowers will be guaranteed.    Farm credit sources said Brent Beesley, president of theFarm Credit Corporation which represents the system, will makethe request at a Senate Agriculture subcommittee hearing.    They said Beesley would ask Congress to take some action toassure borrowers the stock is secure. But Beesley is expectedto stop short of requesting other forms of government aid.    Borrowers from the farm credit system hold some fourbillion dlrs in system stock which could be devalued if themounting losses of the system persist, officials said.    Beesley's request expected tomorrow is seen as the firstofficial acknowledgment from the system itself that federal aidwill be needed to guarantee the value of the stock.    Yesterday, Jim Billington, a member of the Farm CreditAdministration board which regulates the system, said Congressshould plan to spend at least 800 mln dlrs beginning late thisyear to bail-out the system.    Congress is moving swiftly toward legislation to aid thesystem. Sen. James McClure, R-Idaho, has drafted a resolutionwhich would put the Senate on record as guaranteeing the valueof farm credit system stock. The resolution may be brought tothe Senate floor soon, Congressional sources said.    In addition to requesting a guarantee of borrower stock,Beesley is expected tomorrow to endorse the creation of asecondary market, called "Aggie-mae" by some proponents, forthe resale of farm real estate loans.    Sources said the farm credit system will support the ideaif the system is included in the operation of the market.    Farm credit sources said the system decided to request aguarantee of borrower stock at a meeting this week in Denver ofthe 12 presidents of farm credit system districts.    Beesley's testimony to the Congressional hearing tomorrowwill not include any new financial forecast of system losses,officials said.    Chairman of the FCA, Frank Naylor, yesterday said thesystem may lose as much as 1.4 billion dlrs this year. Reuter&#3;