Nigeria plans to issue on April 7 afurther 1.5 billion dlrs in short-term promissory notes to itsuninsured trade creditors in connection with existing arrearson those debts, Law Debenture Trust Corp Plc said as trusteefor the notes.    It said Nigeria also plans to hold talks with a newlyappointed representative for those creditors fairly soon, andthat Nigeria also will call "at an early date" an extraordinarymeeting of noteholders, including holders of the new notes. Thepurpose of that meeting will be to consider a resolution to thearrears on the trade debt and the promissory notes.    Nigeria missed the first principal payment due on the noteslast autumn and another payment of about 30 mln dlrs that wasdue in early January because of a cash shortage, which stemmedpartly from the drop in oil prices last year.    An official of the Law Debenture Trust said he did not knowwhen the new representative for the noteholders, David Murison,would meet the Nigerians. He noted the Nigerians currently areattempting to negotiate bilateral agreements with members ofthe Paris Club of western creditor governments under amultilateral pact on these debts reached in December. So far,bilateral accords have been reached with the U.K. And France.    Law Debenture Trust, as trustee for the notes, has beenattempting to organise a meeting between the note holders andNigeria for the last coupole of months. The appointment ofMurison, chairman of Westpac Banking Corp's Mase Westpac Ltdunit in London, was made in an effort to better coordinatethese efforts.    The Law Debenture official said Murison will begin talkswith Nigeria as soon as they return to London. And although itis hoped that a meeting of all note holders could be held byend-May, he said this may not be possible since four weeksnotice of the meeting is required by law.    The discussions with the note holders are being held inconjunction with proposals to rescheduling Nigeria's debt tocommercial banks and official credit agencies.    When talks began last April on rescheduling part of thecountry's approximate 19 billion dlrs of foreign debt, thecommercial banks insisted that it be contingent on Nigeriaobtaining a rescheduling of its official debts as well. TheNigerians then extended this to include all uninsured tradedebt.    The commercial bank package has yet to be signed due inpart to the reluctance of Japanese banks, which have arelatively small exposure, to participate. REUTER&#3;