Following are extracts from thecommunique issued at the conclusion of the OPEC conferencehere.    "The conference expressed satisfaction about the positiveresults of the agreement signed in December, 1986, by whichOPEC re-established the system of fixed price at a level of 18dlrs per barrel supported by OPEC production ceilingsdistributed into national production levels.    "The conference noted that all market indicators, includingspot prices in the market and netback values of all OPECcrudes, have been firming up significantly, thus consolidatingthe OPEC price structure as defined by the agreement."    "The conference examined the supply/demand outlook for thesecond half of the year and decided that in order to securecontinued firm prices in the market, OPEC production during thefourth quarter of 1987 will be equal to that of the thirdquarter, I.E. 16.6 mln barrels per day (bpd), distributed intothe same national production levels as were defined by theabove-mentioned agreement for that quarter."    "Furthermore, the conference decided to establish acommittee of five heads of delegation to monitor the priceevolution in the market in relation to the OPEC official pricesin order to secure price stability around the opec pricestructure.    "Should there be any significant change in market prices,the committee would immediately call for an extraordinarymeeting of the conference with a view to deciding on thenecessary OPEC production levels during the second half of theyear, which would secure the desired market stability."    "The conference reiterated the necessity of membercountries' strict adherence to the agreement signed in December1986, both in terms of official price, and national production,levels.    "For this purpose, the conference decided to establish acommittee of three heads of delegation to undertake visits tomember countries in order to motivate them to comply with theterms of the agreement."    "Moreover, the conference stressed the necessity of thecooperation of the oil-producing exporting countries outsideOPEC as an essential prerequisite for a lasting marketstability.    The conference, therefore, decided to reinstate the groupof five heads of delegation established by the 77th(extraordinary) meeting of the conference in April, 1986 toundertake the necessary contacts with those countries.    "The conference observed the continued fall in the value ofthe U.S. Dollar and agreed that the matter should be studiedand reported to the next meeting of the conference."    "The conference discussed the appointment of the secretarygeneral and decided to discuss the matter again in its nextordinary meeting.    "The conference extended the term of office of Fadhilal-Chalabi as deputy secretary general for a period of one yearfrom October 7, 1987.    "The next ordinary meeting of the conference will beconvened in Vienna on December 9, 1987." REUTER&#3;