Yugoslavia has won breathing space fromits major official creditors through yesterday's Paris Clubrefinancing agreement but it will take time for it to resolveits economic crisis, economists at western embassies said.    Yugoslav delegation chief Finance Minister SvetozarRikanovic said a refinancing was agreed for 475 mln dlrs ofdebt falling due between May 16 this year and May 31, 1988.    The agreement was the second multi-year Yugoslav debtrefinancing, based on a protocol signed last May which usheredin "enhanced monitoring" of Yugoslavia's economy by the IMF.    Western economists who follow Yugoslav financial affairssaid a similar deal would probably emerge from talks withcommercial creditors at the end of this month. But they saidthe refinancings would only provide a breathing space, becauseYugoslavia has to repay 5.5 billion dlrs in 1987.    And the country is still struggling to reverse a dramaticdecline in export earnings, which have fallen 12.5 pct so farthis year, continuing a downward spiral of the past 18 months.    The Yugoslav hard currency debt has grown from 1.2 billiondlrs in 1965 to stand at 19.7 billion dlrs at the end of 1986and is one of the country's most dire economic problems.    The debt began to snowball in the 1960s and 1970s due to anexcessive investment rate exceeding the growth of the GrossSocial Product and necessitating additional foreign borrowing.    Rising international oil prices in the 1970s proved to be aserious blow to the country's balance of payments.    Deputy Prime Minister Milos Milosavljevic said this monththat Yugoslavia had repaid 640 mln dlrs of principal and 325mln dlrs of interest so far this year.    According to official Yugoslav figures, Yugoslavia repaid arecord 5.97 billion dlrs in capital and interest in 1986,reducing overall indebtedness by 996 mln dlrs.    Mikulic is trying to rein in rampant retail inflation ofalmost 100 pct a year through price and incomes controls.    Janez Zemljaric, also a Deputy Prime Minister, saidrecently Yugoslavia expected a "definite measure ofunderstanding" from its 16 major western creditor nations.    Western economists said Yugoslavia has had its way with theParis Club creditors but that not all creditors were satisfiedwith its economic performance last year. They said the Parisdiscussions were heated and emotional.    "Economic factors were balanced by political realities," aneconomist at one of the main embassies here said, but addedthat creditors had no complaints regarding Yugoslavia'srepayment record because it had so far always repaid debts ontime.    Yugoslavia has refinanced its debt regularly since 1983.    In December 1985, it signed a deal with the InternationalCoordinating Committee of 600 commercial banks to refinancematurities arising between January 1, 1985 and end-1988.    It had signed bilateral refinancing agreements in March ofthat year for maturities arising from January 1, 1985 to March25, 1986, following an agreement in Paris on March 25, 1985.    Government ministers told Reuters this month thatYugoslavia had made too great an effort to repay its debts in1986, at great cost to the economy, and that this wasregretted.    Mikulic has said Yugoslavia is unlikely to follow Brazil'slead and suspend its debt repayments "but we have understandingfor what that country did."    Western economists said, however, that Mikulic's remarks,taken with those of his ministers, could be a signal that someproblems were seen ahead in refinancing debt repayments.    Before the Paris talks, some Yugoslav officials had hintedthat Yugoslavia could start to look to the Soviet Bloc forfinancial support if Belgrade failed to secure the necessaryrefinancing from western creditors.    Sources close to the western creditors, however, said theydid not view the threat as serious. REUTER&#3;