Research into materials that conductelectricity with minimal resistance could lead to further gainson Tokyo's booming stock market, brokers said.    They said the share prices of companies likely to benefitfrom the so-called 'superconductors' rose sharply last weekafter publication of articles about the research in theeconomic daily Nihon Keizai Shimbun. The companies were in thenon-ferrous metal, electrical and mining sectors.    But industry analysts said development problems remain andcommercial application is still some years away.    "The area clearly has significant applications but it won'tbe commercially viable for a few years," said Thomas Murtha,technology analyst with James Capel and Co.    Industry analysts said the use of superconductors couldbring sharp cuts in electricity costs if present problems canbe overcome.    Nikko Securities Co Ltd analyst Shinichi Nakayama saidsuperconductors could have applications in computer circuitry,electricity generation and storage, and scientific research.    The superconductors are made of a blend of metals fused ina heat-firing process similar to that used in ceramics.    Nakayama said Kawasaki Steel Corp &lt;KAWS.T> predicted in anin-house study that by 1990 the worldwide market would be worth150 billion yen for superconductors used in computers, 50billion for those used in electricity generators and 150billion for those used in electricity storage.    The study said that by 1995 there would be trains capableof 500 km an hour, hovering on a magnetic field and poweredmainly by superconductors. One hundred billion yen worth ofsuperconducting material would be needed for such a train.    The Kawasaki study also said superconductors would be usedin nuclear fusion physics, but not until the year 2000.    Industry analysts said superconductors have no commercialapplications at present. In laboratory tests the conductor mustbe cooled by expensive liquid helium or hydrogen before minimumelectrical resistance is achieved, though liquid nitrogen,which is much less expensive, has recently also been usedsuccessfully, they said.    Despite this, investors on Tokyo's stock market haveboosted shares of firms related to superconducting materials.    From the close of trading on March 17 until yesterday'sclose, Mitsubishi Mining and Cement Co Ltd's &lt;MIMI.T> shareprice rose 140 yen to 485 yen.    In the same period Mitsubishi Metal Corp &lt;MITM.T>, rose 95to 745 yen, Sumitomo Metal Mining Co Ltd &lt;TOMM.T> rose 200 to1440 yen, and Kawasaki Steel rose 15 to 260.    Furukawa Electric Co Ltd shares &lt;URUT.T> jumped 104 yen to689 yen, and Fuji Electric Co Ltd &lt;FUJE.T> rose 141 to 619.    Brokers said shares of suppliers of scientific instrumentsneeded to conduct the superconductor research also rose.    Industry analysts said the most favoured superconductor,made from a blend of yttrium, barium and copper, is currentlyundergoing laboratory tests under a scheme coordinated by theMinistry of International Trade and Industry (MITI). REUTER&#3;