Zambia has stopped sending its copperexports through South Africa, the official Times of Zambiasaid.    The newspaper yesterday quoted highly placed sources assaying the state-owned Zambia Consolidated Copper Mines (ZCCM)was diverting its mineral exports away from South Africa, butit did not say which alternative routes were being used.    ZCCM officials declined to comment on the report, butStandwell Mapara, general manager of the Tanzania-ZambiaRailway Authority (TAZARA), told Reuters recently virtually allZambian mineral exports had been channelled along the TAZARAline to Dar es Salaam for the last three months.    During that period no Zambian copper had been shippedthrough Zimbabwe to the Mozambican port of Beira - the onlyother available route which avoids South Africa, Mapara said.    Last December TAZARA carried 36,000 tonnes of Zambianmineral ore, the line's record for any one month period, headded.    Copper, cobalt and other mineral exports account for 95 to98 pct of Zambia's foreign exchange earnings and PresidentKenneth Kaunda told Reuters in a recent interview it was vitalfor his country to assure new outlets for them, avoiding thetraditional route through South Africa.    Referring to Zambia's preparations for a possible cut ineconomic links with South Africa, Kaunda told Reuters in aninterview on March 1, "My main concern, of course, is the minesbecause whatever happens we must continue to run the mines."    According to Mapara, TAZARA handled 1.1 mln tonnes offreight last year and is still working well below its present1.4 mln capacity. Kaunda said that once preparations had beencompleted for evacuating Zambia's mineral exports on safe anddependable routes his government would look to increase itsusage of TAZARA for other types of cargo.    The 1986 annual report of Zambia's state-run MetalMarketing Corporation said 81 pct of the country's metalexports were channelled through Dar es Salaam last year, versus79 pct in 1985. The report said Zambian copper production fellto 463,000 tonnes last year from 526,000 in 1985.    Despite the official optimism about diversifying Zambia'sexport routes, diplomatic sources in Lusaka expressedreservations about the capacity of Dar es Salaam and Beiraports to handle all of Zambia's mineral exports, even if theycould be hauled there by train.    "The two ports cannot in any way and in their present formhandle the huge exports of Zambian copper," one western diplomatsaid.    "A serious disruption in copper movement to the marketscould be brought about as it would pile up at the two portswhich lack the facilities and space to handle the coppertonnage," he added. REUTER&#3;