Brazil is not happy with the existingstructure of the 14-bank advisory committee which coordinatesits commercial bank debt, Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said.    U.S. Banks have 50 pct representation on the committeewhile holding only 35 pct of Brazil's debt to banks, he said,adding "This is not fair with the European and Japanese banks."The committee had played a useful role in 1982 and 1983,however.    Noting the often different reactions of U.S., Japanese andEuropean banks, Funaro told journalists that Brazil might adoptan approach involving separate discussions with the regions.    Since debtor nations' problems were normally treated on acase-by-case basis, "Perhaps the same principle should apply tocreditors," central bank president Francisco Gros said.    Brazil on February 20 suspended indefinitely interestpayments on 68 billion dlrs owed to commercial banks, followedlast week by a freeze on bank and trade credit lines depositedby foreign banks and institutions, worth some 15 billion dlrs.    Funaro and Gros spent two days at the end of last week inWashington talking to government officials and internationalagencies and will this week visit Britain, France, WestGermany, Switzerland and Italy for discussions withgovernments.    Funaro and Gros are today meeting British Chancellor of theExchequer Nigel Lawson, Foreign Secretary Geoffrey Howe andGovernor of the Bank of England Robin Leigh-Pemberton.    Bankers have estimated that Brazil owes U.K. Banks around8.5 billion dlrs in long and medium term loans, giving the U.K.The third largest exposure after the U.S. And Japan.    The crisis began when Brazil's trade surplus, its chiefmeans of servicing its foreign debt, started to decline sharplyand the problem was compounded by a renewed surge in thecountry's&#127;ate of inflation.  Reserves were reported to havedropped below four billion dlrs.    Funaro envisaged that any eventual solution to problemswith Brazil's 108 billion dlr foreign debt would involve onlypartial servicing of the debt.    "What we propose is to arrive at a mechanism of refinancefor part of the service, because we cannot service all that," hesaid. "I really think we have to change the old rules."    Asked why Brazil was first approaching governments, ratherthan the commercial banks themselves in its search for asolution to the crisis, Funaro said "We must first talk to thegovernments and then we can talk to the banks, because thebanks have some limits."    "It is a political discussion from our point of view," hesaid.    Funaro said he hoped next week to travel to talk toJapanese and Canadian government officials. He would then talkto the commercial banks "If I've got some solution from thegovernments. I can't take the burden only to the banks." He wasnot sure how long it would take to reach a solution. &#127;  In discussions with governments Brazil would review themechanisms whereby finance was made available to nations inneed. Finance from official lending agencies had been virtuallyclosed since 1982. "You must open these mechanisms," he said.    He said that while the U.S. Officials had been disturbed byBrazil's suspension of interest payments, they understoodBrazil had no other choice, as it had to protect its reserves.    Also the financing mechanisms had to be discussed "becausewe can't stay as we were the last few years."    "I'm trying to put the problem on the table.... All of uswould like to have a kind of equilibrium." he said. AlthoughBrazil has rejected a substantive role for the InternationalMonetary Fund (IMF) in managing its economy, Funaro paid a callin Washington to IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus and toWorld Bank President Barber Conable.    Funaro noted that inflation in February had started todecline again and he expected Brazil to achieve a minimum eightbillion dlr trade surplus in 1987.    Banking sources noted that Brazil's monthly surplus haddeclined to some 150 mln dlrs in the final three months of lastyear, against a monthly one billion in the first nine months.    Brazil had the third largest trade surplus in the world,Funaro said, although its share of international trade was onlyone pct.  "The solution is linked with growth, not recession," hesaid, noting an IMF program would involve promoting exports andinducing an internal recession in order to service debt.    Banking sources said Brazil's debts to foreign governments,as opposed to commercial banks, now benefit from a sounderstructure following last month's rescheduling by the Paris Clubof creditor nations of 4.12 billion dlrs of official debt. REUTER&#3;