The head of a Philippine panel chargedwith recovering illegal wealth accumulated by former PresidentFerdinand Marcos and his associates said they still controlledlarge funds circulating in the country's economy.    Ramon Diaz, Chairman of the Presidential Commission on GoodGovernment (PCGG) told Reuters in an interview: "There is everyreason to believe that the cronies and President Marcos and hisfamily were able to hide millions and millions of pesos beforethey fled. As a matter of fact we have been able to get hold ofcrates of newly printed currency."    Diaz did not give figures, but said: "We believe they stillhave a lot of funds. These are the funds that they will use inthe coming elections. These are the funds that they used tostage those coups."    He was referring to congressional elections scheduled forMay 11 and to the three coup attempts faced by PresidentCorazon Aquino since she toppled Marcos a year ago.    Diaz said the PCGG so far has recovered cash and propertyvalued at about eight billion pesos and had sequestered sharesof stock of at least 286 firms. "We have achieved more than whatwe thought we could achieve in one year," he added.    The PCGG, set up by Aquino in February 1986, has sweepingpowers of sequestration, seizure and inspection of bankaccounts. Diaz said the panel's main task is to gather evidencefor legal prosecution. "But we have to sequester before we filea case and that is the legal objection because they say that weshoot first before we ask questions," he said.    He said dividends from seized shares were held in trustfunds pending court verdicts, adding several Marcos associateshad made confessions about their wealth. He did not name them.    "They are very concerned and afraid that if their namesappear something may happen to them," he said.    The government last week announced that businessman AntonioFloirendo, an associate of Marcos known as the "banana king," hadturned over 70 mln pesos in cash to the PCGG and promised tosurrender titles to property in New York and Hawaii worthanother 180 mln pesos. In return, the PCGG said it had liftedfreeze and sequestration orders on Floirendo's properties.    Diaz said there were already similar preliminary agreementswith another Marcos associate, Roberto Benedicto. He saidBenedicto had surrendered control of several newspapers andradio and television stations and agreed to PCGG control of theboards of a bank and a hotel he owned in the Philippines.    Diaz said the PCGG based its estimates of illegal wealth onincome-tax returns and land titles of Marcos associates."Anything over and above reported income -- that's what we haveto recover," he said.    He said a decision by the PCGG last week to probe streetcertificates held by brokers at Manila's two stock exchangeswas prompted by suspicion that illegal funds were incirculation.    Street certificates describe securities held in the name ofa broker or another nominee instead of a customer so as topermit easy trading or transfer.    Share prices at the two exchanges reacted nervously lastTuesday when news of the probe leaked. The composite index atthe Manila Stock Exchange fell 18.61 points to 451.51, whilethat at the Makati Stock Exchange slipped 1.7326 points toclose at 63.0618. There was a slight recovery the followingday.    The presidents of the two exchanges appealed to Diaz tocarry out the probe discreetly so investors were not scaredaway, saying street certificates did not necessarily indicate"anomalous transactions."    "It's unfortunate that (news of the probe) leaked out to thepapers," Diaz said.    Diaz said PCGG suspicions were aroused by the stock marketboom over the past year. The Manila Stock Exchange compositeindex jumped 224 pct from 131.32 to 424.81 in 1986.    "One of our functions is to see to it that these assets thatwe have sequestered do not go right back into the hands of the(Marcos) cronies," he said.    "We want to make sure that these stock exchanges are notbeing manipulated by the cronies because maybe they want tolaunder their pesos and that is why the prices are justskyrocketing."    Diaz said the PCGG would limit its probe to sequesteredstock in brewery giant San Miguel Corp, the Philippine LongDistance Telephone Co, mining conglomerate Benguet Corp, andOriental Petroleum and Minerals Corp.    Shares of the four companies are among the most frequentlytraded on the two stock exchanges.    Diaz said at a meeting with the heads of the two exchangeslast Thursday that the PCGG would act prudently in itsinvestigation of street certificates, adding the panelsupported government efforts to create a favourable investmentclimate. REUTER&#3;