Mathematical Applications GroupInc said it has signed a letter of intent to sell all of itsoperating business and will propose a plan of liquidationfollowing the sale.    If the company is unsuccessful in obtaining the approvalsneeded for the sale and liquidation, it said, the company maybe required to initiate reorganization proceedings underfederal bankruptcy law to facilitie the distribution of itsassets.    Mathematical Applications said it tentatively agreed tosell its direct marketing business to Pagex Inc for 400,000dlrs plus an amount equal to the working capital of thebusiness at closing as well as a 1.7 mln dlr note payable ininstallments over six years.    Mathematical Applications said the business' workingcapital is estimated to be about 600,000 dlrs.    Pagex has been formed by Paul A. Goldner the owner of PagexSystems Inc, which is also engaged in the direct marketingcomputer service business.    Mathematical Applications said the tentative agreementcalls for Pagex to buy substantially all of the assets andliabilities related to the direct marketing business andcontinue to use the Mathematical Applications name.    It said the sale is also subject to renegotiation of a realestate lease and approval of a definitive agreement by thecompany's board, stock holders and debenture holders.    The company said it has obtained waivers from holders ofits six mln dlrs principal amount of debentures due March 31,1993, to defer interest payments aggregating 270,000 dlrsthrough March 31, 1987. The company said it will seek waiversto defer these interest payments, and those due March 31, forenough time to enable the company to accomplish the proposedsale of its operations.    Mathematical Applications said it is talking to debentureholders, its landlord, a lessor of equipment to the marketingoperation and holders of other liabilities not being assumed byPagex to arrange distribution of assets after the proposedsale, adding that these assets will be significantly less thanits liabilities.    The company said it has obtained waivers from holders ofits six mln dlrs principal amount of debentures due March 31,1993, to defer interest payments aggregating 270,000 dlrsthrough March 31, 1987. The company said it will seek waiversto defer these payments, and those due March 31, for enoughtime to accomplish the proposed sale of its operations.    Mathematical Applications said it is talking to debentureholders, its landlord, a lessor of equipment to the marketingoperation and holders of liabilities Pages is not assuming toarrange distribution of assets after the proposed sale, addingthese assets will be significantly less than its liabilities.    As part of the distribution of assets, the company said, itexpects shareholders to receive an amount based on the bidprice of the company's stock, which was 1/16 on March five. Reuter&#3;