The International Swap DealersAssociation has developed the first standard form contract foruse by arrangers of currency and interest rate swaptransactions, said Thomas Jasper, the Association'sco-chairman.    The contract, unveiled at a press conference , is expectedto make the 300 billion dlr a year swap market more efficient,he said. "The contracts wil accelerate the process and reducethe expense of swap documentation," Japsper said.    Privately, eurobond traders estimate that about 80 pct ofall new issues eventually become part of either an interestrate or currency swap.    An interest rate swap occurs when two issuers, usuallyacting through a bank middleman, agree to accept each other'sinterest payments on debt securities. Usually, the issuer of afloating rate debt security swaps into fixed-rate debt and viceversa. But the obligation for repayment of the debt remainswith the original borrower.    Bank regulators have become concerned about the use ofswaps because the middleman, usually a bank, takes on someportion of the risk but is not required to show it on thebalance sheet as a liability and may not have sufficientcapital to cushion it.    Kenneth McCormick, a co-chairman of the ISDA and presidentof Kleinwort Benson Cross Financing Inc, said the Bank ofEngland and the U.S. Federal Reserve Board were expected latertoday to announce joint proposals for setting minimum capitalstandards for counterparties in swaps.    The standards are part of the recently announcedconvergence agreement between the two countries in whichregulators have attempted to set similar capital requirementsfor institutions.    McCormick told reporters the ISDA was concerned that a"level playing field" be maintained in the swaps market.    He said if U.K. And U.S. Banks were required to hold moreprimary capital against swap transactions than is the currentpractice, the additional costs would have to be passed on toissuers.    The issuers might then choose to do business withlower-cost banks which are not subject to U.S. Or U.K. Bankingrules.    He said the ISDA had been working on a code of conduct forswap dealers as part of its self-regulatory effort.    That code should be completed within the next few weeks, hesaid. REUTER&#3;