The economic package unveiled yesterday bythe ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) marks the start of amajor shift away from the policies of the past, privateeconomists and government officials said.    "A big step forward has been taken," said Industrial Bank ofJapan Ltd senior economist Susumu Taketomi.    The package, seen as a response to mounting overseaspressure to boost the sagging Japanese economy, calls for asupplementary budget of more than 5,000 billion yen later thisyear, plus increased imports.    Although the measures must still gain the approval of theFinance Ministry, economists said the government will find ittoo difficult to alter the measures significantly once theyhave gained domestic and overseas backing.    "At last, the LDP and the Ministry of Finance are turning acorner," said Sumitomo Bank Ltd's chief economist MasahikoKoido.    For the past five years the government has adhered to atight fiscal policy in its drive to stop issuing deficitfinancing bonds in 1990.    To meet that goal, spending departments are required tosubmit annual budgets for current expenditure 10 pct below theprevious year and investment five pct below.    Masayoshi Ito, chairman of the LDP's policy affairscouncil, said yesterday the government must stick to its 1990fiscal reform target, but should review the ceiling it placeson public works spending.    Even some Finance Ministry officials privately acknowledgethat policy changes might be needed, including easing thegovernment's iron grip on spending.    Economists said the government could meet its 1990 targetand also increase spending by using money it got from the saleof Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp shares and by takingadvantage of lower than expected interest rates on its debt.Officially, the Finance Ministry is adhering to its tightstance but some signs of change have appeared.    "We do not have any intention of abandoning our objective torestore fiscal balance," a Finance Ministry spokesman said.    He said so far the ministry had tried to achieve two goalssimultaneously. These were reforming the government's fiscalposition and stimulating domestic demand.    But the Finance Ministry spokesman added, "In looking at thecurrent situation of the economy and the relationship betweenJapan and the United States, we feel we have to place moreemphasis on stimulating demand."    Economists predict battles within the government over thecoming months as the Finance Ministry fights to ensure thecracks in its policy do not lead to a complete breakdown offiscal discipline.    "The Ministry is afraid that once there is a small hole inthe dike, it will lead to a flood," Industrial Bank's Taketomisaid.    But Taketomi said the ministry, provided it has a device inplace to check excess spending for political reasons, is likelyto give the go-ahead to a shift in policy.    "This seems to mark the first step toward a more activefiscal policy in response to requests from the internationalcommunity," he said.    Sumitomo's Koido said if the government quickly implementsthe LDP's 5,000 billion yen package, economic growth in the1987/88 year ending next March 31 could be around three pct,His current forecast of 2.2 pct growth assumes a supplementarybudget of around 1,000 billion yen. REUTER&#3;