Hospital Corp of America said itreceived financing commitments of about 1.9 billion dlrs to payfor its previously announced reorganization.     Hospital Corp said under the reorganization, over 100hospitals will be spun off to a new, independent company ownedby an employee stock ownership plan, ESOP, for 1.8 billion dlrsin cash.    Hospital Corp said in addition to the cash payment, it willalso receive preferred stock and warrants to purchase up to 34pct of the fully diluted stock of the new company.       According to Hospital Corp, the transaction is expected tobe completed in the third quarter of the year, and proceedswill be used to reduce Hospital Corp's debt and to repurchaseHospital Corp common shares.     Hospital Corp said the 100 hospitals to be acquired by thenew company had net revenues totaling about 1.5 mln dlrs in1986.    Hospital Corp further said the ESOP would initially own99.5 pct of the outstanding common stock of the new company orabout 51 pct on a fully diluted basis.       Hospital Corp said the new company's management wouldinitially purchase one-half of one pct of the common stock ofthe new company, with incentive plans providing management theopportunity to earn up to 10 pct of the stock.    According to Hospital Corp, institutions purchasing debt ofthe new company will receive warrants for the remaining fivepct of the new company's fully diluted common stock.    Hospital Corp said Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc has agreed toprovide bridge financing, or to find buyers for debt of the newcompany, for an amount of up to 956 mln dlrs.       The financing will comprise 270 mln dlrs of seniorunsecured ESOP debt and 686 mln dlrs of unsecured subordinatedfinancing for the new company, Hospital Corp said.    Additionally, Wells Fargo Bank NA has agreed to syndicateup to 940 mln dlrs of secured bank financing, comprising a 400mln dlr revolving credit loan and a 540 mln dlr separate ESOPterm loan, Hospital Corp said.    Wells Fargo has committed itself to fund an aggregate 400mln dlrs of these loans, Hospital Corp said.    Hospital Corp said it will not guarantee any of the debt. Reuter&#3;