The Bundesbank is unlikely to changecredit policies when its central bank council meets on Thursdayfor its last session before the Venice summit, bankingeconomists and money market dealers said.    The Bundesbank steered money market rates lower last monthby cutting the rate on its security repurchase pacts, and isunlikely to cap this move with a cut in leading interest ratesin the near future, they said.    The council will meet in Saarbruecken, and the meeting willbe followed by a news conference at around 1030 GMT.    But Bundesbank officials noted that a news conference wasusually called when the council meets outside Frankfurt, anddid not necessarily herald any policy moves.    Bundesbank Vice-President Helmut Schlesinger said todaythere was no reason to cut interest rates because money supplygrowth had shown no signs of slowing in May and the dollar wasstable against the mark.    Schlesinger told Reuters in Tokyo, where the Bundesbank hasopened a representative office, that the West German economywas now picking up after contracting by a seasonally adjusted1/2 to one pct in the first quarter.    Money market dealers said call money was likely to hold ina 3.50/70 pct range for most of this month, after theBundesbank switched last month to tenders by interest rate at aminimum bid rate of 3.50 pct, allocating funds at 3.55 pct.    "They have set this signal and indicated they could maybelower market rates even further, but not with the discount orLombard," Winfried Hutmann, chief economist of Schroeder,Munchmeyer, Hengst Investment GmbH said.    Werner Chrobok, managing partner at Bethmann Bank, saidGerman rates were among the lowest in industrial countries andaround historical lows for West Germany.    A further cut in rates would have little impact on theeconomy as banks are in any case reporting slack credit demand,with companies swimming in liquidity, Chrobok said.    The Bundesbank would therefore be reluctant to make a moveon interest rates, when this would be better held in reserve."The Bundesbank is frightened of using up its powder," he said.    A cut in the discount or Lombard rates, to bring them inline with the new structure of money market rates since lastmonth, would have little practical significance, dealers said.    The Bundesbank could therefore act on these if it wanted adiplomatic gesture before next week's Venice summit.    But Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl has often made itclear in the past he opposes such gestures as mere "eyewash."    Economists said it was really up to the Bonn government tocut taxes, rather than for the Bundesbank to ease monetarypolicy, to meet pressure on West Germany at the Venice summit.    But with Bonn struggling to finance already announced taxcuts and falling tax revenue widening the federal budgetdeficit, it is hard to see how Bonn could cut taxes further.    "The Bonn government will be in a very weak position inVenice because they can't risk increasing the deficit further,"said Schroeder, Muenchmeyer, Hengst's Hutmann.    Bethmann's Chrobok said if anything is to happen beforeVenice, it must be in fiscal rather than monetary policy. "But Idon't expect any convincing measures," he said.    Money market dealers noted that call money continued tonormalize today, falling to 3.60/70 pct from 3.75/85 yesterdayand as much as five pct on Friday when it was pushed up bymonth-end distortions.    Call money could come under upwards pressure later thismonth because of a major round of tax payments by banks onbehalf of customers, starting in the week beginning June 15.Two public holidays that week could also distort the market.    Dealers said they expected the Bundesbank to allocate fundstomorrow in the latest repurchase pact at an unchanged 3.55pct, after setting an unchanged minimum bid rate of 3.50 pct,and to fully replace the 5.5 billion marks in an outgoing pact.    But dealers said it was possible the Bundesbank wouldallocate funds at 3.6 pct rather than 3.55. That would notrepresent a tightening of policy, however.    Because the Bundesbank scales down bids which it allocatesat the minimum accepted rate, some banks may try to get a fullallocation by bidding heavily at 3.6 pct, dealers said.    On another issue, Poehl has said the Bundesbank is likelyto lift restrictions on private use of the European CurrencyUnit (ECU) at one of its meetings soon.    Saarbruecken would be a suitable place for an announcementon this gesture to European unity, as it is the capital of theSaarland bordering France, and was twice under Frenchoccupation this century.    But dealers said an ECU announcement was unlikely to comethis week, as a number of technical and legal matters had stillto be resolved, for instance how German ECU accounts would betreated for minimum reserve purposes. REUTER&#3;