The release of U.K. February trade datashowing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopesof an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, withexpectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharplynarrower than January's 527 mln deficit.    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase ManhattanSecurities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weakermorning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted indexagainst a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged fromyesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil tradepattern would undermine international support for sterling,which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begunto doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending ratesto 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of theExchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current accountdeficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, Wroblewski said.    Seasonally adjusted figures showed imports rose in Februaryto 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips andDrew said the faster rise in exports than imports would provepartly aberrational in coming months. He forecast theChancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumerexpenditure on imported goods.    However, Warburg Securities economist Ian Harwood said hisfirm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficitforecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billionstg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goodsconfirmed recent bullish surveys among members of theConfederation of British Industry.    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even ifJanuary's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseasgoods and import-intensive stock building among manufacturers,Harwood said.    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worriesabout the figures evaporated.    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settlingto a steady 1.6050 about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher thanthe European low of 1.5960.    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in marketsentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market waslargely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that theConservative government's support was slipping.    LONDON, March 26 - The Bank of England said it provided 15mln stg in assistance to the money market this morning, buyingbank bills in band two at 9-13/16 pct.    Earlier the Bank revised its money market liquidityforecast from a flat position to a deficit of around 350 mlnstg. REUTER&#3;