Pennzoil Co Chairman J. Hugh Liedtketold a meeting of securities analysts that the company willconsider any realistic settlement offer in its 11.0 billion dlrongoing litigation with Texaco Inc &lt;TX>.    "I wish I could tell you that I am optimistic about thechances (of a settlement), but I am not," Liedtke said. "Iassure you, however, that we will continue to try."    He said that Pennzoil has made a number of settlementoffers to Texaco both before the litigation commenced andafter, but the offers were repeatedly rejected. He said Texacohas made no realistic offers.    Earlier this year, a Texas court of appeals upheldPennzoil's claim against Texaco, ruling that Texaco unlawfullyinterfered with Pennzoil's merger agreement with Getty Oil.Texaco subsequently acquired Getty.    Liedtke said it has become more difficult to settle thecase because the courts continually rule in its favor, raisingthe stakes of any agreement.    "Each time this goes up (to a higher court), theexpectations of our shareholders goes up and it puts us in anincreasingly difficult positon," he said.    "We cannot afford to settle this case for a pittance,"Liedtke told the meeting of analysts.    "We don't want to get sued for not fulfilling our fiduciaryresponsibilities," he said.    Liedtke also said that the company would not settle forless than two billion dlrs, which has been suggested by anumber of Wall Street analysts.    He did say, however, that Pennzoil would entertain anyproposal from Texaco including a possible preferred stockposition in TExaco.    "I won't assume we'll take it," he said. "But we'd considerit." But he added that he thought it would be extremelydifficult to work out a settlement made up of stocks, bonds andcash.    Liedtke, who earlier said the company would have a lowerfirst quarter, also told reporters that the company expectedlower earnings this year.    "We think earnings will probably be down this year," hesaid. Last year the company earned 1.28 dlrs a share fromcontinuing operations or 68.5 mln dlrs on revenues of 1.9billion dlrs.    The earnings figure comes before an extraordinary loss of56 cts a share or 23.1 mln dlrs. Reuter&#3;