Japanese trade figures are seriouslychallenging the entrenched view of policy makers of the Groupof Seven industrialised nations that relative currency ratesare the key to smoothing world trade problems.    Senior Japanese, U.S. And European officials in Tokyo saythey are at a loss to fully explain the data, for if currenciesare the key they ask, why then are are U.S. Exports to Japanshrinking?    What if manipulating currencies and driving the dollar downmade world trade problems worse rather than solving them,fulfilling Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker's forecast ofworld trade recession?    U.S.-Japan trade has declined even after a 40 pct dollarfall against the yen since the September 1985 Group of Fivepact in New York.    The lower dollar ought to have made U.S. Exports 40 pctmore competitive in Japan. The officials, most of themeconomists, can offer no objective reason why they are not.    Worse, how are European Community sales to Japan risingrapidly when the European Currency Unit has until now declinedonly 11 pct against the yen.?    Last week's G-7 meeting in Washington has been widelyinterpreted as a sign from the policy makers that the dollarmust go lower. So worst of all, what if Volcker is correct?    At a loss to give an objective explanation, officials canonly offer explanations which tend to be highly subjective.    "I don't know and I don't think anyone knows," said HughRichardson, acting head of the EC delegation in Tokyo.    "What I do know is that Community exporters are making ahell of an effort in this market. If you make an effort, thereis money to be made in Japan," he added.    But U.S. Officials and businessmen are convinced low U.S.Exports to Japan are Japan's fault. They cite restrictive tradepractices, protected Japanese trade sectors, such asagriculture, and non-tariff barriers, such as unreasonablechecking and customs procedures for car imports.    Publicly, Japanese officials remain conciliatory in theface of what they see as U.S. Aggression. In private, theyblame U.S. Industry for being uncompetitive.    "We see it that way, but we don't like to seem arrogant,"said a senior official, who declined to be named. "We like torefrain from accusing them of not making enough effort."    Industrialists such as Eishiro Saito, chairman of theKeidanren business group, and Sony Corp chairman Akio Moritarepeatedly accuse foreign firms of not making enough effort tounderstand Japan's markets, and some foreigners agree. "The realissue is the inability of major sectors of American andEuropean industry to compete not only internationally but evenin their home markets," Peter Huggler, President of InterallianzBank Zurich, told a recent conference in Switzerland.REUTER...^M&#3;