Stocks fell steeply from the 2400 level in anavalanche of selling unleashed by a jump in credit marketinterest rates and renewed fears that the dollar could fallfurther. After first extending the rally that hit an all-timeclosing high of 2405.54 Monday, the Dow Jones industrialaverage skidded 44.60 points to 2360.94, the fifth-largestpoint drop on record.    ---    WASHINGTON - Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa saidhe and U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker were in agreement onthe need for stable foreign exchange rates. Speaking after anhour-long meeting with Baker, Miyazawa also said he wassatisfied with U.S. intervention to support the dollar againstthe yen. He expected the Group of Seven countries, which aredue to meet tomorrow, to reaffirm the so-called Louvre accordto stabilize foreign exchange rates.    ---    NEW YORK - The dollar bounced higher near the close oftrading as the stock and bond markets went into a steep slide,but most traders are awaiting results from top-level meetingsin Washington before committing themselves.    ---    NEW YORK - Texaco Inc said it asked the Texas Court ofAppeals to block enforcement of a 10.3 billion dlr judgmentbond won by Pennzoil Co until appeals are decided. Texaco saidMonday that if it had to pay the full bond it would be forcedto seek protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy code.    ---    NEW YORK - AFG Industries Inc and Wagner and Brown endedtheir hostile bid to acquire GenCorp Inc after the company'sdramatic announcement Monday of sweeping anti-takeovermeasures. GenCorp, a large diversified manufacturing concern,announced a 1.6 billion dlr, or 130 dlr a share, buyback of 54percent of its stock and the sale of its tire and soft drinkbottling units.    ---    NEW YORK - A firm comprised of an E.F. Hutton Group unit andPurolator Courier Corp executives agreed to end its 268 mln dlrpact to buy Purolator, allowing Emery Air Freight Corp toproceed with its 306 mln dlr bid for the world's largest groundcarrier. In response, Emery said it would renew its request fora merger with the Basking Ridge, N.J.-based courier service.    ---    NEW YORK - ITT Corp authorized the repurchase of 10 millionshares of its common and preferred stock as part of a programto enhance its earnings and shareholder value. ITT also said itwill redeem three series of its preferred stock.    ---    PARIS - Airbus Industrie, the European airplanemanufacturer, said it would buy engines for its proposed A340wide-body jet from a joint-venture linking General Electric Co.and SNECMA of France. The move is a boost for GE's aerospacedivision and bad news for the International Aero Engineconsortium. The IAE group was selected to provide engines forthe A340 in December when an earlier GE engine was dropped foruse in the plane. International Aero Engine includes theworld's other leading engine manufacturers, Rolls-Royce, Pratt&amp; Whitney and Japan's Aero Engines.    ---    WASHINGTON - Michael Davidoff, head trader for IvanBoesky's Seemala Corp, has consented to Securities and ExchangeCommission penalities and agreed to help in its continuinginvestigation of insider trading, the SEC said. Davidoffrecently pleaded guilty in federal court to violating thegovernment's net capital requirements for brokers and traders.    ---    NEW YORK -  Several major computer companies launched newcomputers, with Italy's Olivetti becoming the first major firmto promise products to compete with International BusinessMachines' new personal computers launched last week. Motorola,Wang Laboratories, Unisys and Honeywell Bull all launched newproducts, although they were seen as only modest advances inproduct lines.    ---    NEW YORK - Avon Products Inc, one of the world's leadingcosmetics manufacturers, said it will purchase Giorgio Inc,maker of the best-selling Giorgio perfume, for 185 mln dlrs  incash. Reuter&#3;