Pakistan is not emerging as a majorwheat exporter as world market prospects are not good enough,Sartaj Aziz, Special Assistant on Food and Agriculture to thePakistani Prime Minister, said in an interview.    No exports are planned for the next 12 months or so andplans last year to sell one mln tonnes to Iran came to nothingbecause they could not agree a price, he said.    Aziz forecast that Pakistan may have exportable surplusesof one mln tonnes or a half mln tonnes over the next fewharvests in years when the weather is favourable.    The government does not wish to increase output much abovethis because of low world prices, and the land would be betterused for other crops.    Aziz said the Pakistani government does not want area sownto wheat to increase from the current seven mln hectares. Some10 pct of that area which gives low yields could be switched tomore profitable crops such as oilseeds.    The aim is to concentrate on raising yields from thecurrent 1.8 to 1.9 tonnes per ha to at least 2.5 tonnes per haover the next five to seven years, he said.    Aziz said the current 1986/87 crop, harvesting of which isjust beginning, is expected to yield around a record 14.5 mlntonnes. This compares with a target of 14.7 mln and last year'syield of 14.0 mln.    He said rains some six weeks ago helped the crop but morerecent rains reduced prospects slightly.    The long-term wheat production target is for some 17 mlntonnes by mid-1993, taking into account Pakistan's annualpopulation growth rate of more than three pct. Currentconsumption is some 12.5 mln tonnes.    The current wheat reserve is 2.5 mln tonnes, Aziz said.This compares with a minimum reserve commitment of one mlntonnes, which Pakistan will maintain at all costs, and a"strategic reserve" target of two mln tonnes.    Despite the fact that stocks are a half-mln tonnes overtarget, the surplus will not be exported at present, he said.    The government wants to keep an extra "safety margin" untilit sees what effect the abolition of a 44-year-old wheatrationing system will have on domestic consumption. New exportswill be considered only in about a year's time when the 1987/88crop can be gauged as well, he said.    The new domestic policy, introduced on March 15, is for thegovernment to supply unlimited quantities of wheat at tworupees per kilo. With other costs this means a price inPakistani markets of between 2.30 and 2.50 rupees per kilo.    Under the old system, introduced during World War Two anddue to be phased out by April 15, some 50 mln ration cards wereissued enabling poor people to buy wheat cheaply.    Aziz said following the introduction of a governmentsupport price in the 1970s the system become so corrupted thatonly 20 to 25 pct of subsidised wheat was actually reaching theconsumer, the rest being diverted illicitly to the mills.    The ration system had also not had the stabilising effecton the internal wheat market that was intended, Aziz said.    Prices have already begun to fall with the introduction ofthe new system. The wheat price in Karachi, the most expensivePakistani city, had dropped from 3.11 rupees per kilo on March1 to 2.85 rupees on March 30.    Aziz said he does not expect the change in system to have amajor effect on total consumption, but it may encourage betteruse of side-products such as bran. Reuter&#3;