Indonesia has minimised the economicimpact of falling oil prices, kept inflation within limits andboosted exports, Finance Minister Radius Prawiro said.    Indonesia was badly hit by last year's steep plunge incrude prices, which cut revenue from oil exports by half.    But Prawiro was quoted by Indonesian newspapers as tellingPresident Suharto that inflation was kept to around nine pct inthe financial year ending tomorrow, against around 4.3 pct theprevious year.    Exports were estimated to have risen by seven pct, he said,although he did not give complete figures.    The depressed economy forms the main backdrop to generalelections next month in Indonesia, a major producer of rubber,palm oil, tin, timber and coffee.    Prawiro said 1986/87 had also been difficult because of theappreciation of currencies like the yen and the mark againstthe dollar, which increased Indonesia's debt repayments.    He said the economy would have suffered more from the worldeconomic recession if the government had not devalued therupiah by 31 pct last September.    In an editorial on the economic outlook, the Jakarta Postsaid the government must press ahead with measures toderegulate the economy to help boost non-oil exports.    The English-language daily said bigger export earnings wereneeded to finance not only imports but also the country'sgrowing foreign debt, estimated at around 37 billion dlrs.    "About 50 pct of our foreign debt obligations fall duewithin the next three to five years and will steadily increasethe debt servicing burden," the paper said.    However, end-investors were seen bargain hunting inexpectation of a further yen interest rate decline, dealerssaid.    Most dealers were cautious in the face of the dollar'snosedive today and the possibility of a U.S. Interest raterebound to halt further dollar depreciation.    A 4.7 pct coupon and volume of 1,400 billion yen for theApril 10-year bond proposed by the Finance Ministry thisafternoon were taken favourably by the market. REUTER&#3;