Purolator Courier corp's stock rose onspecualtion that a disgruntled former Purolator director wouldfind a new suitor for the company, traders said.    Purolator agreed in late February to a 35 dlr-a-share, 265mln-dlr offer from E.F. Hutton LBO Inc and certain members ofits Purolator courier division's management.    The stock today hit 36-1/4, up one.    Today, Purolator revealed in a filing with the Securitiesand Exchange Commission that director Doresy Gardner resignedfrom its board of directors in a letter dated March 10.    The letter from Gardner said he resigned the board becausethe merger agreement with Hutton barred directors fromsoliciting new offers and he believes shareholders might get abetter deal. Gardner said he believes a better offer might befound if the company would agree to be sold to some otherentity, or if it could sell off all or part of its U.S. courierdivision.    "Basically, (the courier division) is a company that has450 mln dlrs in revenues. It's a very large company and it'sbeing sold for 50 or 60 mln dlrs," said Gardner in a telephoneinterview with Reuters.    Gardner is an official of Kelso Management, a firmassociated with Fidelity International Ltd. A group of Fidelitycompanies owns eight pct of Purolator, and Gardner said hepersonally owns 20,000 shares.    A Purolator official said the company has no comment on theletter from Gardner.    Arbitragers speculated another overnight messenger servicemay emerge as a likely bidder for Purolator. Before thetransaction with Hutton LBO was announced, analysts had alsospeculated another courier company would be the most likelysuitor.    While one arbitrager acknowledged there in fact may be nonew bidders, he said the possibility one could appear pushedthe stock into play again.    "There's no shortage of possibilities. It's just a questionof management's willingness to let the process continue," saidone arbitrager.    Arbitragers said a new buyer might be found because theybelieve Hutton LBO has taken on no risk in the transaction.Hutton has begun a tender for 83 pct of Purolator at 35 dlrscash per share. The balance of Purolator's stock will be boughtfor securities and warrants in a new company holding the U.S.courier operations.    The arbitragers said tender offer documents show thatHutton does not need to use its cash in the transaction andwill emerge with a giant, majority equity interest inPurolator.    "As far as I can tell from the public documents from thedeal that's on the table, Hutton is basically putting up zero.One always likes a situation like that. You always like tothink if they can do this deal at no risk, there should besomeone else in the world that could do it higher," said onearbitrager.    The firm, however, is supplying temporary financing, andsources close to the transaction disputed the claim that thefirm will not end up paying for its equity position.    While one scenario mentioned in the tender offer documentdid note that the E.F. Hutton Group subsidiary may not have tokeep cash in the transaction, the sources said there is somerisk to the firm.    "There are a variety of contingencies and restricted cash,and all sorts of things that make it very speculative," saidone of the sources, adding there are also severance payments toemployees.    The E.F. Hutton Group subsidiary is supplying 279 mln dlrsin so-called "bridge" financing for the transaction. The bridgefinancing is a temporary loan from Hutton.    The financing is to be replaced with permanent financing,expected to come from banks. However, it may take some time toreplace the financing, the source said, resulting in what couldbe a substantial expense to the firm.    Gardner said Hutton stands to gain fees of 10 to 20 mlndlrs from the transaction, but sources close to the transactionsaid fees are at the low end of the scale.    "It's a very complex transaction, but basically whathappens is they ostensibly put up money but the fees recaptureany investment they might have once the merger takes place,"Gardner said. Reuter&#3;