India is searching for non-communistcountertrade partners to help it cut its trade deficit andconserve foreign exchange.    Wheat, tobacco, tea, coffee, jute, engineering andelectronic goods, as well as minerals including iron ore, areall on offer in return for crude oil, petroleum products,chemicals, steel and machinery, trade sources told Reuters.    Most of the impetus behind countertrade, which began in1984, comes from two state trading firms -- the State TradingCorp (STC) and the Minerals and Metals Trading Corp (MMTC).    "The two state trading corporations are free to use theirbuying power in respect to bulk commodities to promote Indianexports," a commerce ministry spokeswoman said, adding thatprivate firms are excluded from countertrading.    One trade source said India has targetted countries thatdepend on an Indian domestic market recently opened to foreignimports.    However, countertrade deals still make up only a small partof India's total trading and are likely to account for lessthan eight pct of the estimated 18.53 billion dlrs in tradeduring the nine months ended December, the sources said.    Countertrade accounted for just five pct of India's 25.65billion dlrs in trade during fiscal 1985/86 ended March,against almost nothing in 1984/85, official figures show.    However, the figures exclude exchanges with the EasternBloc paid in non-convertible Indian rupees, the sources said.    Total trade with the Soviet Union, involving swaps ofagricultural produce and textiles for Soviet arms and crudeoil, is estimated at 3.04 billion dlrs in fiscal 1986/87,against three billion in 1985/86.    Indian countertrade, which is being promoted mainly to helpnarrow the country's large trade deficit, is stillinsignificant compared with agreements reached by Indonesia,Venezuela and Brazil, the trade sources said.    The trade deficit, which hit an estimated record 6.96billion dlrs in 1985/86, is expected to decline to 5.6 billionin the current fiscal year.    But the push to include non-communist countries incountertrade is also due to other factors, including the slowgrowth of foreign reserves, a tight debt repayment schedule,shrinking aid and trade protectionism, businessmen said.    One source said India is showing more dynamism in promotingcountertrade deals than in the past, when the deals were madediscreetly because they break GATT rules. As a member of theGeneral Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), India cannotofficially support bartering.    The MMTC's recent countertrade deals include iron oreexports to Yugoslavia for steel structures and rails.    "MMTC's recent global tenders now include a clause thatpreference will be given to parties who accept payment in kindfor goods and services sold to India," a trade official said,adding that the policy remains flexible.    "We also take into account other factors such as prices atwhich the goods and services are offered to India," the tradeofficial said.    Early this year the commerce ministry quietly told foreigncompanies interested in selling aircraft, ships, drilling rigsand railway equipment to India that they stood a better chanceif they bought Indian goods or services in return, the tradesources said.    Illustrating the point, the official said a South Koreanfirm recently agreed to sell a drilling platform worth 40 mlndlrs to the state-run Oil and Natural Gas Commission. Reuter&#3;