Australia is risking wheat exportsales by not providing enough specific quality grades to meetbuyer requirements, the Australian Wheat Board (AWB) said.    "Many AWB customers are becoming increasingly qualityconscious, demanding strict adherence to contractual qualityspecifications," the board said in a submission to the RoyalCommission into Grain Storage, Handling and Transport.    "Many of the specifications are more specific than thecurrent categories used in Australia," it said.    The commission is trying to identify ways of saving costsand boosting efficiency of the grain handling system.    Australia must rely on quality to retain its wheat marketshare because its competitors are supplying cheaper butlower-quality grades, the AWB submission said.    It stressed the need to segregate wheat categories at everystage from receival to shipping.    Better industrial relations at grain terminals, moreuniform transport systems across the states and extensive stockcontrol were vital to improved marketing, it said.    The submission also said Australia's federal system impededthe AWB's role of coordinating and managing the marketing ofwheat.    The AWB called for an end to physical and legislativeconstraints at state borders that prevent the efficienttransport of grains to other states for shipment.    "It is essential that wheat moves by the most economic modeto the nearest efficient port, irrespective of the state inwhich the wheat is grown or stored," it said.    For example, wheat grown in northern New South Wales (NSW)might move more efficiently to Brisbane, in Queensland, than toSydney or Newcastle in New South Wales, it said. Similarly,southern NSW wheat might better be shipped to Portland orGeelong, in Victoria.    Legislation giving state rail authorities a monopoly overgrain shipments was one notable impediment, it said.    The AWB said the current approach of state-based bulkhandling authorities is not essential, although it said itfavoured the authorities maintaining at least their currentlevel of control of storage and transport as long as qualitywas maintained.    An appendix on port loading costs showed it cost between26,500 and 34,700 U.S. Dlrs to load a 50,000-tonne vessel atvarious Australian ports compared with 21,200 dlrs at Houstonand 16,300 at Port Cartier, Quebec, for a 60,000-tonner. REUTER&#3;