The Philippines is poised for severalyears of stability and economic growth but faces majorlong-term problems from its rapidly increasing population, U.S.Ambassador Stephen Bosworth told Reuters in an interview.    "Medium-term out to the 1990s I am increasingly optimisticabout this country," he said. "But if you look beyond that... Youare jumping off the edge into the unknown."    Bosworth, who retires on April 2 after almost four years asU.S. Ambassador, forecast a real per capita increase indisposable income of more than four pct in 1987.    The Philippines has not seen such an increase this decade.    He said there were reasons to believe the Philippines couldout-perform the world economy by enough to continue to generateincreases in per capita income in the medium term.    "There is nothing big and dramatic yet and maybe big anddramatic won't ever happen. But I think foreign investors arenow no longer saying let's wait and see how the political sideturns out," he said.    Bosworth said much hope had been placed on the land reformprogram promised by President Corazon Aquino, but he warned itwas not a complete cure for the country's ills.    He said even the redistribution of land to tenant farmerswould not be a substitute for the generation of new employmentin the countryside."There is no way even in 1987 that thiscountry can provide employment growth in farming. Certainly itis not going to be able to do so in the future," he added.    "This has to be off-farm employment," he declared.    Bosworth said the population problem produced majoruncertainties for the future of the country. He said that morethan 60 pct of today's 50 mln people are said to live below thepoverty line and official predictions suggest the populationwill double within the next three decades.    The ambassador said he believed population statistics to beunderstated.    Bosworth said he expected current high domestic liquidityto be drawn down during the next six months with somecorresponding upward pressure on interest rates, now at aboutnine pct.    He said his predictions only assumed the Aquino governmentdid not make any big mistakes. They did not assume any greattransformation of the Philippine system. REUTER&#3;