The Federal Open Market Committee atits February 10-11 meeting voted nine to one to maintain thethen-existing degree of reserve restraint, minutes showed.    The FOMC issued an asymmetric inter-meeting policydirective which gave greater possibility to firmer rather thaneasier policy. The Committee set a six to seven pct Januarythrough March annualized growth target for M-2 and M-3 and noM-1 goal. At the prior meeting in mid-December, the FOMC set aseven pct target for M-2 and M-3 for November through March.    The February FOMC kept the four to eight pct Federal fundsrate "reference" range for policy, as in other recent meetings.    At a telephone conference on February 23, committee membersdiscussed the possible implications of the decisions reached inParis for U.S. intervention in foreign exchange markets. Noconclusions were contained in the minutes.    In its inter-meeting policy directive, the February FOMCsaid that "somewhat greater reserve restraint would, orslightly lesser reserve restraint might, be acceptabledepending on the behavior of the aggregates, taking intoaccount the strength of the business expansion, developments inforeign exchange markets, progress against inflation, andconditions in domestic and international credit markets."    The February FOMC voted nine to one for an unchangedpolicy. Thomas Melzer, St Louis Federal Reserve Bank presidentfavored some tightening of reserve conditions.    He noted the strong growth in bank loans in Novemberthrough January and the firm federal funds rate that hadprevailed despite the extraordinary pace of reserve growth. Healso cited the recent declines in the dollar's value.    Finally, looking ahead, Melzer pointed out the potentialfor a further rise in inflationary expectations. He believedthat prompt restraints might avert the need for moresubstantial tightening later.    Regarding inter-meeting policy adjustments, the FOMCminutes showed, "the members generally felt that policyimplementation should be especially alert to the potential needfor some firming of reserve conditions."    In this view, the FOMC said somewhat greater reserverestraint would be warranted if monetary growth did not slow inline with current expectations and there were concurrentindications of intensifying inflationary pressures against thebackground of stronger economic data.    One indication of potential price pressure might be afurther tendency for the dollar to weaken.    The minutes showed that one member, presumably Melzer,preferred a directive that did not contemplate any easingduring the weeks ahead. However, "most of the members did notwant to rule out the possibility of some slight easing duringthe inter-meeting period, although they did not view theconditions for such a move as likely to emerge."    The FOMC members assumed that future fluctuations in thedollar's value would not be of sufficient magnitude to have anysignificant effect on the Fed's economic projections. Inaddition, they anticipated that considerable progress would bemade in reducing the federal budget deficit. Reuter&#3;