Private investors eagerly snapped upshares of Consolidated Rail Corp, the biggest initial stockoffering in U.S. history, but some analysts warned they couldbe in a for a bumpy ride at least in the near term.    Analyst James Voytko of PaineWebber Group Inc believes someinvestors who bought at the offering price of 28 dlrs will betempted to sell. The shares climbed 3-3/8 to 31-3/8 by midday.Voytko said profit-taking pressure could become severe at the35 dlr level. Others say Conrail, a combination of previouslybankrupt railroads, has good long term potential.    "Conrail is in the best position to weather the currenttremendous price competition in the transportation industry ingeneral," said Drew Robertson, analyst at Atlantic Systems Inc,a research firm.    "It will survive and do damn well," said another analystwho declined to be identified. He noted that Conrail's freighttrains serve heavy industry including steel and autos in majorU.S. cities in the northeast U.S. and midwest.    Robertson noted that Conrail's traffic is less dependent oncoal than other railroads based in the east. He expects Conrailto earn 2.85 dlrs per share in 1987.    Voytko of PaineWebber sees another problem six months downthe road when more than 10 mln Conrail shares will bedistributed to current and former employees. He believes manyof these indivdiuals will be inclined to sell the stock.    Robertson says it's hard to determine the psychology of theaverage employe, but even if a lot of stock is sold, it wouldwould not hit the market as one big block. He doubts it wouldcreate a big downward push on the price.    "It's hard to call," said the analyst who requestedanonymity. In some cases employe loyalty may motivateindividuals to keep their shares, he said.    Steven Lewins, analyst for Citicorp Investment Management,believes the key to Conrail's long term outlook is how it isable to invest surplus cash. He expects Conrail to earn 3.00dlrs per share this year, flat in comparison with 1986, but by1991 the picture could change dramatically if money not neededfor rail operations is invested wisely.    By 1991, earnings could reach 4.30 dlrs per share, Lewinssaid, factoring in reinvestment of free cash flow atconservative rates.    He believes motor freight will be one area ofdiversification Conrail will explore.    Elizabeth Dole, U.S. Secretary of Transportation, whosedepartment was responsible for the sale of Conrail, noted thatConrail is required to reinvest in its rail system and cannotdefer necessary maintenance.    For the historic offering of Conrail shares, Dole visitedthe New York Stock Exchange and was photographed on the floorwearing a locomotive engineer's cap, which she presented toStanley Crane, Conrail chairman and chief executive.    The U.S. government is expected to receive about 1.88billion dlrs for Conrail after factoring in underwriting feesand other adjustments.    The possibility of a recession at some time in the nextfive years is another issue troubling some investors.    Lewins says revenue-ton-miles, which he believes will climbfrom 68.7 mln miles last year to 69.5 mln this year and 70.5mln in 1988, will grow to 71.5 mln in 1991, but in a recessionyear, perhaps 1989, the figure could dip to 64.2 mln.    On the revenue side, he believes revenue per ton-mile willbe 4.7 cts in 1991, little changed from present levels andexactly the same as in 1981.    "Their basic business isn't going anywhere," he says,explaining why emphasizes investment of cash flow.    Voytko thinks Conrail can remain profitable in a recessionyear. He points out his firm, PaineWebber, is not forecasting arecession in any specific year, but as an example a 1990recession of modest degree could knock earnings down to 2.20dlrs per share. He estimated 3.00 dlrs per share this year and3.35 dlrs next year. His 1988 figure reflects mostly a loweringof the tax rate to 34 pct from 40 pct this year.    Voytko believes the Conrail shares merit purchase at the 26dlr level.    Goldman, Sachs and Co was lead manager for the offering. Atotal of 148 firms took part in the U.S. syndicate. Reuter&#3;