South African staff of the U.S.Bank Citicorp &lt;CCI> said they will challenge its plans to selllocal operations and withdraw from the country.    Employees said they had written to Citicorp chief executiveJohn Reed protesting against the way the disinvestment deal hasbeen handled. They said that they were not consulted on thesale of Citicorp's local subsidiary, Citibank N.A. Ltd, toSouth Africa's First National Bank &lt;BCLJ.J>.    The letter, signed by most of the bank's 175 staff, hintsat legal action against Citicorp unless it reviews thedisinvestment arrangement.    "We are seriously considering legal action," a seniorCitibank employee told Reuters. "There has been no consultationwith South African staff and that runs contrary to Americancorporate thinking in this country," he added.    Citicorp announced the 130 mln rand cash sale on Tuesdaywith an effective date of July 1.    First National Bank's managing director, Chris Ball, saidhis bank was essentially buying the skills of Citibank'sspecialist employees and disclosed that the American bank'sassets in South Africa totalled only 15 mln rand.    Ball indicated that the bank's staff had been told of thesale and agreed to stay on in the bank's employ.    Citibank's staff, 40 pct of whom are black, have complainedthat the disinvestment accord bars local employees from jobswith Citicorp anywhere in the world for five years.    They say that this provision amounts to a restraint clausewhich is legally challengeable. This could threaten thedivestment plan, say industry sources, since most of thepurchase price, as Ball said, is for employee skills andexpertise and not assets.    The Citibank employee challenge is seen as more importantthan a previous, ultimately unsuccessful, challenge on jobsecurity issues by General Motors employees after the U.S.Automaker announced its pull out, because valuable managers andother key staff are involved in protest.    The employees assert that the Citicorp sale, unlike similardisinvestment moves announced this week by &lt;Ford Motor Co> and&lt;ITT Corp>, include no portion of South African profits forlocal employees or black community projects.    "We always thought they would offer a settlement to staffhere in keeping with their image as an equal opportunityemployer," said a senior black employee, adding "We had no ideathat the age of slavery was still alive." REUTER&#3;