Niagara Mohawk Power Co said theexisting ball-type main steam isolation valves installed atUnit Two of the Nine Mile Nuclear Station will be replaced withstandard Y-pattern globe valves.    This decision will delay start-up of the power plant forabout three to four months, resulting in a delay in commercialoperation of the plant to as late as the beginning of 1988, theutility said. It previously had projected commercial operationin September.    The possibility of a delay to the first quarter 1988 wasraised by Rochester Gas and Electric Corp &lt;RGS> last week.    Niagara Mohawk said the delay will add to the plant's costat the rate of about 60 mln dlrs per month.    A spokesman said this includes a total of about 10 mln dlrsfor removing the old valves and buying and installing the newones.    The utility said the total anticipated cost of the plant isnow about six billion dlrs, up from the 5.87 billion dlrsprojected previously.    This has increased the minimum overall disallowances underthe settlement Nine Mile Two's owners reached with New Yorkstate regulators to over 2.1 billion dlrs, it added.    Niagara Mohawk has a 41 pct interest in Nine Mile Two,making its share of the disallowance about 1.1 billion dlrsbefore income tax effects.    Long Island Lighting Co &lt;LIL> and New York State Electricand Gas Corp &lt;NGE> each have an 18 pct interest in the plantwhile Rochester Gas owns 14 pct and Central Hudson Gas andElectric Corp &lt;CNH> has nine pct.    The ball valves were manufactured by a Gulf and Western Inc&lt;GW> subsidiary which is now owned by Crosby Valve and GaugeCo, a subsidiary of Gearhart Industries Inc &lt;GOI>, thespokesman said.    The Niagara Mohawk spokesman said the Nine Mile Two ownersare looking into the possibility that the valve supplier mighthave liability for the costs of the delays caused by thevalves.    The utility said the replacement valves are manufactured byRockwell International Inc &lt;ROK>.    The company said it spent considerable time testing andmodifying the ball valves which, until recently, "demonstratedpotential for both improvement in performance and in ease ofmaintenance."    "Since activities to date have not yet proven to becompletely successful and because of timing and resultingadditional cost of achieving the leak tightness standard isuncertain, we have no choice but to replace them," NiagaraMohawk said of the ball valves. Reuter&#3;