A bidding war for Viacom InternationalInc, one of the largest U.S. entertainment companies, pitted amanagement group and other investors against NationalAmusements Inc, a closely held theater operator.    Both sides raised their bids over the weekend. A sourceclose to the management side insisted that timing was on hisside. He said if outside directors approve the managementproposal, a merger plan could be put to a vote of shareholderswith proxy material going out late this week. "It would take 20days from the day we mail," said the source.    The source predicted National Amusements, controlled byinvestor Sumner Redstone, would need "half a year" to completea tender offer because of the regulatory approvals that mustaccompany any change in control of Viacom's broadcast licensesand cable television franchises.    Redstone was not available for comment.    Some of Wall Street's arbitrage players said it was a raresituation that could only be enjoyed - a true bidding war. Onesaid Redstone could begin a tender offer whenever he wanted andif enough people were convinced his proposal was superior tothe Viacom management plan, he would have a chance to win.    The independent directors of Viacom were called into ameeting today. Word on a decision was expected early tomorrow.    Viacom shares climbed 2-1/2 to 50-3/8 by midafternoon. Onemajor Wall Street firm issued a sell recommendation. "We thinkwe're at the end now, in terms of bidding," said the firm'sarbitrageur, who spoke on condition he not be identified.    Both Redstone's proposal and the management proposal wouldcreate a restructured company heavily leveraged with debt. Themanagement plan would result in a balance sheet with about 2.5billion dlrs in debt and nearly 500 mln dlrs in preferredstock, convertible into 45 pct of the common stock.    Redstone's newest proposal offers holders 42 dlrs in cash,a fraction of a share of exchangeable preferred stock with avalue of 7.50 dlrs, and one-fifth of a share of common stockstock of Arsenal Holdings, representing 20 pct of the equityinterest in the restructured Viacom. One arbitrageur calculatedthe equity in the Redstone plan was worth 2.50 dlrs making thetotal package worth 52 dlrs per share.    Management offered 38.50 dlrs in cash, exchangeablepreferred stock worth 8.50 dlrs and a fractional share ofconvertible preferred. The arbitrageur said the equity portionwas worth about 4.00 dlrs for a total of 51 dlrs.    Redstone's newest plan raised the amount of interest hewould pay on the cash portion of his offer for every day beyondApril 30 that a merger with Arsenal is not consummated. Theplan calls for intest to be paid at an annual rate of nine pctduring May and 12 pct thereafter. Previously Redstone offeredeight pct interest.    Other arbitrageurs said both Redstone and the managementgroup, led by president and chief executive Terrence Elkes,were offering high prices. "Redstone really wants to own thecompany," one said. Another said management seemed to have theedge on the timing issue.    Redstone's company owns 19.6 pct ov Viacom's 35 mln shares.    A Wall Street analyst said it was hard to determine whatthe equity in the newly leveraged company would be worth. Henoted as an example that new stock in FMC Corp &lt;FMC>, whichadopted a highly leveraged structure last year, inititallytraded at 12.50 dlrs per share, dipped to nine dlrs, and is nowjust over 30 dlrs.    Last week, Viacom reported fourth quarter earnings fell twotwo cts per share from 23 cts. The company said interest costsfrom several acquisitions affected results.    Shares of Warner Communications Inc &lt;WCI> rose 7/8 to31-1/8. Analysts noted Warner owns warrants to purchase 3.25mln Viacom shares at 35 dlrs and another 1.25 mln shares at37.50 dlrs.    Chris Craft Industries &lt;CCN>, which owns a stake in Warner,rose 1-1/4 to 22-3/4.    Viacom was created in 1970 and spun off from CBS Inc &lt;CBS>.The company has 940,000 cable television subscribers, operatesnine satellite television services and owns television andradio stations. It is one of the largest distributors of filmsand other programs for television. Reuter&#3;