U.S. moves to increase its warships inand around the Mideast Gulf could trigger more attacks onunprotected merchant ships but run little risk of sparking adirect military clash with Iran, diplomats said.    They said the American decision inevitably carries somerisk of armed confrontation, but Iran -- despite its bluntrhetoric -- would want to avoid this as much as Washington.    "As Iran knows very well, what America is bringing into theGulf could do serious damage," said one western diplomat.    Diplomats see the greatest potential danger in more attackson "soft targets" such as merchant shipping not protected byAmerican or other western navy vessels patrolling the Gulf.    The risk of Iranian attack on U.S. Warships or Kuwaiti oiltankers carrying the U.S. Flag and under naval escort is ratedby diplomats as low. However, "There is the threat that theIranians, seeing these heavily protected U.S.-flag tankers,will go for softer targets," one diplomat said.    Tehran Radio quoted Iran's top defence spokesman Ali AkbarHashemi Rafsanjani as saying yesterday that Washington was"moving to the brink of an armed encounter with us."    The U.S. is increasing its Gulf fleet from seven to 10warships and sending the refurbished battleship Missouri topatrol just outside the Strait of Hormuz.    The build-up ties in with U.S. plans to start escortingKuwaiti oil tankers next month, which have been re-registeredto fly the American flag to give them naval protection.    Shipping serving Kuwait has come under repeated attack byIran, angered at the emirate's war backing of Iraq.    Concern in the region has mounted over the threat posed byChinese-made Silkworm missiles, which the U.S. says Iran ispreparing to deploy near the Strait of Hormuz.    The Missouri, with its four-escort flotilla, is likely tomake Iran think twice about using the missiles, diplomats said.    A military source in the Gulf has said Iran also set up alaunching site for the Silkworms on captured Iraqi soil in theFaw peninsula, within range of Kuwait.    "But anything that went as far as a direct attack on Kuwaititerritory would be a very serious escalation" likely movingworld opinion against Iran, remarked one.    Some diplomats believe Iran could also consider carryingout reprisals against the United States outside the Gulf.    Rafsanjani, who is also parliamentary leader, predictedlast Friday "a river of blood" throughout the world in the eventof any U.S. strike against Iran.    Western diplomats said Iran, which Washington has accusedof being behind state-sponsored terrorism, had no demonstrablecapacity to carry out attacks in the U.S. itself.    Diplomats saw few potential targets in Lebanon now thatmost Americans have left in the wake of kidnappings linked topro-Iranian groups. But Europe and Asia were potentialtrouble-spots, and Kuwait was one of the most obvious targets.    Any backlash was likely to take the form of sabotage orother action to make it difficult to blame Iran, they added. Reuter&#3;