Banks in Singapore are planning tofurther expand their treasury, securities, equities and debtinstruments activities in line with global financial markets,bankers and economists told Reuters.    "Banks are moving towards treasury activities because theysee them as a vital link in global capital and foreign exchangemarkets," Clemente Escano, vice-president of Union Bank ofSwitzerland, said.    Central to that link is the Asian Dollar Market's pool offunds, with deposits estimated at 212 billion dlrs in March.    Banks are fond of booking and tapping offshore Asian DollarMarket funds here for a variety of reasons, including lowtaxes.    New impetus has come to this market with growth of 52billion dlrs in the year to March partly due to theliberalisation of financial markets in Japan leading to anincrease in interbank activity, bankers said.    Despite the slowdown in traditional loan syndications inthe region, the offshore market has continued to grow as banksrebundle and securitise their assets, creating new generationsof tradeable debt instruments, bankers said.    Singapore's daily turnover in foreign exchange dealing hasincreased to 30 billion U.S. Dlrs in 1987 against 21 billionlast year, according to Finance Minister Richard Hu.    Susumu Sakaguchi, manager of Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, said the22 Japanese banks in Singapore were expanding their foreignexchange departments, which accounted for at least 30 to 40 pctof total bank activities last year.    Sakaguchi said the liberalisation of the Toyko marketstimulated Asian Dollar deposits and foreign exchange turnoverand is leading to active Japanese futures trading on theSingapore International Monetary Exchange.    Robin Tomlin, managing director of Singapore InternationalMerchant Bankers Ltd, said international merchant banks clusterin Singapore because of the tax incentives, presence of majorplayers and shift in regional capital flows.    Tomlin pegged much of the future of the Singapore bankingindustry to securities and equities.    "In 1988 we should see an expansion of securities tradingfollowing the link-up" of the Stock Exchange of SingaporeDealing and Automated Quotation System (SESDAQ) with the Londonexchange and the National Association of Securities DealersAutomated Quotation System (NASDAQ), he said.    Equity and equity-linked issues have dominated thefinancial markets here to date because of buoyant domestic andinternational stock markets. Tomlin said privatisationprogrammes, both in Singapore and abroad, would encourage hugeflows of capital through the banks.    Applications received for the 30 mln Singapore Airlineshares offered last week were worth 601.1 mln Singapore dlrs.The share offer by Sembawang Maritime Ltd raked in a record 6.8billion Singapore dlrs in May this year.    Bankers said Singapore's privatisations and links withexchanges abroad showed its determined international stance.    Singapore's four major local banks have been venturing intostockbroking, the new government securities market and SESDAQ,competing successfully for business with the merchant banks.    Tomlin said merchant banks will continue to play animportant role in the Singapore domestic capital markets butthe modest size of the total market would limit the potentialof new entrants.    Bankers said a total of 650 mln U.S. Dlrs was raised in theSingapore capital market last year and the volume of new issueswould to grow in 1987.    Total lending by banks in Singapore fell by 1.04 billiondlrs in March 1987 compared with last year following the trendtowards asset management services and other capital marketactivities.    Hans-Rudolf Schaub, the senior vice-president and managerof Swiss Bank Corp, said his bank has chosen Singapore as itsAsian treasury centre because of favourable tax rules foroffshore banks, political stability and economic growth.    He said the bank might set up a securities portfoliomanagement service here in addition to its existing links ininternational money market services with Zurich and New York. REUTER&#3;