Lack of rainfall in recent weeks mayhave affected Ivory Coast 1987/88 main crop cocoa prospects,although good precipitation in the last half of June and inJuly could still reverse the situation, trade sources said.    They said the crop is still likely to be fairly large andit is too early to determine the consequences of the dry spellon the harvest.    "This year's crop will probably be another good one. It isimpossible to tell how flowering is going, but there should beno problems unless something drastic happens," one trader said.    Private forecaster Accu-Weather reported today that mostIvory Coast cocoa growing regions were without rain over theweekend and similar weather will persist today and Tuesday.    "Rain would be welcomed, as the past week has been quitedry, except along the western portion of the coast," it said.    Traders agreed rain was needed, but some noted that the dryconditions had not affected the entire country.    The Ivorian Meteorological Office could not be reached forcomment or recent statistics. The trade sources said rainfallin recent weeks was likely insufficient for cocoa plants,although it is difficult to assess what the minimumrequirements are.    Trade sources said there had been good rains in lateJanuary, February and March which helped to promote flowering,but April and May were fairly dry in most areas except in thesouth west of the country.    The Ivory Coast mid-crop should have been covered byMarch/April rains but the main crop, still in its formationperiod, depends largely on rainfall from April through July.    The main rains normally last between May and July, beforereturning again in September/October. "Flowering has been lessthan normal and if the trees are not carrying that much at themoment, then they have a chance to recover," one trader said.    Another trade source noted the flowers still had plenty oftime to develop and the rains were "not good but still not bad."    The sources said that while the weather might emerge as acause for concern, crop conditions in West Africa werepresently taking a back seat to other factors in theinternational cocoa market.    This is not only because of the premature nature of anyharvest predictions but also because of the supply of cocoaalready burdening the market, they said.    "With a third year of surplus overhanging the market and thebuffer stock failing to boost prices despite regular purchases,the weather has not been a factor," one private consultant said.    London-based dealer Gill and Duffus said in its April cocoamarket report the current 1986/87 Ivory Coast crop was likelyto total 570,000 tonnes, which compares with a record 1985/86crop estimate of 585,000 tonnes. Reuter&#3;