The European Community (EC) has failedto agree on a high-technology research program because ofopposition from Britain and West Germany, diplomats said.    But Belgian Research Minister Guy Verhofstadt toldreporters the two had been given just over a week to end theiropposition or risk plunging EC research into a crisis.    The so-called "Framework Program" proposed by the EC'sExecutive Commission was designed to boost research in areassuch as computers, biotechnology and telecommunications andcombat U.S. And Japanese domination in these fields.    The five-year program was due to start at the beginning ofthis year, but was delayed by calls from Britain, France andWest Germany for cuts in the proposed budget of 7.7 billionEuropean Currency Units (Ecus), diplomats said.    The EC Commission had already cut the budget from 10.5billion Ecus, but under EC law the program needs the approvalof all member states before it can be launched.    France has withdrawn its objections and backed a newcompromise budget proposed by Verhofstadt to trim spending.    But Britain is continuing its demands for further, sharpcuts in the budget.    West Germany, which yesterday appeared to be ready toaccept the compromise, was also holding back.    Verhofstadt, who chaired the lengthy meeting, said he hadgiven the two states until April 3 to withdraw theiropposition.    But if one or both failed to do so, the EC would be leftwithout a research program, leaving no money for schemes suchas the EC's Esprit information technology drive.    "If that happened ... There would be a grave crisis inEurope's scientific and research policy," Verhofstadt said,adding it could mean research teams being disbanded.    Diplomats said West Germany was close to agreeing to thecompromise, which would limit new spending to 5.4 billion Ecusby allowing for cash already set aside for future projects.    The plan would also set aside at least 16 pct of the 5.4billion Ecus for spending after the end of the five-yearprogram, they said. But Britain still maintained theallocations were much too high.    Britain's Research Minister Geoffrey Pattie faced a toughfight to convince his government colleagues they should acceptan increase in spending beyond the 4.2 billion Ecu level so fardemanded by Britain, one diplomat added. REUTER&#3;