Pacific Telesis Group chairman DonaldGuinn told a meeting of security analysts that the company seescontinued earnings growth in 1987 above the 1.08 billion dlrs,or 5.02 dlrs per share, earned in 1986.    Guinn also said that capital spending stood at about 1.8billion dlrs in 1986, and the company expected the figure toremain flat each year through 1989. He noted that all captialspending will be internally financed.    Guinn also told analysts that the company faced someregulatory uncertainties in ongoing rate cases at its PacificBell operating company.    In rates hearings before, the California Public UtilityCommission, Guinn said the company faced a potential 76 mln dlrrevenue reduction, and due to ongoing discussions with thecommission, he said the figure might even be greater.    The company also faces some opposition to a 225 mln dlrrate hike requested for 1986. Guinn said the commission found180 mln dlrs of the hike was based on questionable calculationsand assumptions, while 45 mln dlrs might represented unneededmodernization costs.    Guinn also said that the company is still studying whetherto join an international consortium that plans to lay atranspacific telephone cable between the U.S. and Japan.    "We have not agreed to anything," Guinn said, but added hewould soon recieve a feasibility study on the venture and thecompany would make a decision soon on participating.    Asked by an analyst about the recent recommendation by theU.S. Department of Justice which would allow the Bell operatingcompanies to offer limited long distance services, Guinn saidthe company would likely shy away from that type of expansion.    "(Long distance services) is a very competitive business.It's a commodity business and becoming more so," he said. "I'mnot so sure we would be interested in getting back into thatbusiness."    However, Guinn generally applauded the U.S.recommendations, saying they would give more latitude for theBell operating companies to expand into non-regulatedbusinesses and provide more flexibility to form strategicalliances with other companies.    He added that while the company welcomes the expansion intonew areas, it is not currently involved in any acqusitiontalks. "We do not have anything actively under consideration,"he said.    Reuter&#3;