OPEC has shown itself to be in controlof the world oil situation with its speed in hammering out apact to limit crude oil output to 16.6 mln barrels per day(bpd) for the rest of 1987, oil traders said.    They said market respect for the cartel has increased sinceit announced Saturday that it would cut fourth quarter outputto 16.6 mln bpd from the 18.3 mln agreed in December.    "There are light oversupplies now, but OPEC ... Has ensuredthere will be no oversupplies in the fourth quarter, and is ineffect putting pressure on end-users," a European crude oiltrader said.    In Tokyo, one oil analyst said, "There's no reason to expecta weak market from now on."    A Japanese oil trader, also based in Tokyo, said, "Wethought OPEC would have difficulty agreeing on fourth quarterproduction so the market will react very bullishly."    Traders in Singapore said that while there has been only aslight increase so far in spot quotes for Dubai, a benchmarkcrude, they expect price increases over the next few days.    August Dubai was discussed in cautious early activity ataround 17.35 dlrs, above Friday's 17.15-20 range, but stillbelow the government selling price (GSP) of 17.42.    Even prices of light Mideast grades, such as Qatar and AbuDhabi crudes, are expected to improve from recent weakpositions, 15 to 20 cents below their GSP's. Singapore traderssaid sellers might now aim for GSP's at least.    They said that after initial jumps, they expect prices tostabilise and hover around GSPs for the next few months.    They said the Japanese oil market would be most affectedand Japanese end-users would need to rebuild stocks for winterrequirements before October.    Prices are most likely to rise in the fourth quarter onEuropean and U.S. Stockbuilding for winter, they added.    "There's no doubt consumption will be higher than productionby the fourth quarter and stocks are not that high," said aninternational trader in Tokyo. Another Tokyo trader was lessbullish, "For sure there will be some shortage but it depends onhow much they (OPEC members) cheat."    A Singapore trade source said, "There is enough cheating andleakage in the OPEC sales system to convince traders there isno need to worry about shortages."    Other traders said the questionable Iraqi production level,after Iraq's rejection of its assigned quota, was a bearishfactor to be considered.    Traders also said end-users now would buy as much aspossible on term contracts and buy spot only when the marketcooled from its initial reaction to the OPEC agreement.    Spot product prices in Singapore were little changed inthin early discussions, with naphtha and middle distillatesquiet on minimal buying interest.    Fuel oil products were steady to firm on light demand andtight prompt supplies, dealers said. REUTER&#3;