Dome Petroleum Ltd's loss of 2.20billion dlrs, believed to be the biggest ever by a Canadiancompany, will have little impact on daily operations but willpressure creditors to accept a proposal to restructure Dome'sdebt of more than 6.10 billion dlrs, industry analysts said.    "Essentially what it (Dome's loss) does is put more focus onthe importance of the restructuring and puts more pressure oncreditors to agree to the debt rescheduling," said an oilanalyst who asked that he not be identified.    Dome reported earnings yesterday.    Analysts said the huge loss improves the appeal of a debtaccord by underlining company statements that creditors wouldreceive little or nothing under a forced liquidation that couldtake several years to complete.    After several months of negotiations with a group of 56major creditors and other unsecured public debt holders, Domesubmitted a complex proposal earlier this month that includesconverting debt to equity and extending repayment time.    "They've had their talks and now they have the proposal, sothe banks have to decide whether to accept the restructuring orpull the plug," the analyst said.    He and others said the huge loss, including writedownstotalling 2.08 billion dlrs before a 571 mln dlr reduction indeferred income taxes, dramatically enforces the company'sclaim that a 50 pct drop in world oil prices has crippled itsfinancial position.    But analysts said the writedown only impacts Dome's balancesheet and does not hurt the company's cash position.    "To a large extent, these writeoffs of the carrying value ofassets is really just the bookkeepers catching up to what thestock market has been telling us for a long time, reflectingthe collapse in oil prices," Peters and Co Ltd analyst WilfGobert said.    Dome reported it took a 1.20 billion charge in the fourthquarter, before a 305 mln dlr reduction in deferred incometaxes, for the decline in value of Dome's oil and gasproperties.    The extraordinary loss conformed with new CanadianInstitute of Chartered Accountants guidelines that require Dometo use average 1986 oil prices to value its holdings, insteadof an escalating price method used in prior years.    Analysts said six individual Swiss noteholders, whoinitiated legal action against Dome to recover debt of 408,500dlrs, will also be pressed to adopt a more lenient stand by the1986 results.    "To the extent that individuals were not fully accepting orcognizant of the seriousness of Dome's financial position, thefinancial statements reflecting this writedown of the value ofassets is certainly going to indicate the depth of thehemorrhaging that has taken place," Gobert said.    The legal action now before Swiss courts threatens totrigger cross-defaults on all of Dome's debt, toppling thedelicate debt negotiations. Dome is next scheduled to appearApril six to defend against the action.    First Marathon Securities Ltd analyst Rick Hallisey saidthe size of the loss was slightly larger than industryestimates of Dome's negative net worth, ranging between 1.50billion and two billion dlrs.    "What this writedown says is that a lot of the money thatwas spent in the past is unrecoverable, but the shareholdershave already recognized that through the writedown in the stockprice," Gobert said, adding, "The financial statements have comeout and said that what has happened in the past has been adisaster for Dome," Gobert added.    The price of Dome common shares fell five cts to 1.05 dlrsin trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange today. At the heightof Dome's success in 1981, common traded at about 25 dlrs ashare. Reuter&#3;