Japan should step up the pace of itsfinancial liberalisation if it wants to become a worldfinancial centre equal to New York or London, a leading U.Sbanker said.    "For Tokyo to become the third link in an internationalcapital markets triangle, it will need to create an environmentmore hospitable to international finance than currently exists,"Robert Binney, senior vice-president of Chase Manhattan BankN.A., Told a group of Japanese members of parliament andfinancial leaders.    Binney said Japan must liberalise its financial markets notjust to attract more jobs, capital and taxable income, but alsoto recycle effectively its vast trade surpluses to help countergrowing protectionism in the United States.    He called on Japan to remove all controls on depositinterest rates soon and to remove obstacles to the growth ofits offshore market. He also said it should fully deregulateits short-term money markets, develop comprehensive futuresmarkets, further open the Tokyo Stock Exchange to foreignmembership and remove fixed rate brokerage commissions.    Binney also urged Japan to abolish Article 25 of itsSecurities and Exchange Law which, like the U.S. Glass SteagallAct, separates commercial from investment banking.    At the same meeting Goldman Sachs (Japan) Corp presidentEugene Atkinson urged Japan to fully de-regulate short-terminterest rates, introduce commercial paper and open long-termgovernment bond markets to an auction system.    He said Japan should allow securities firms to participatein foreign exchange business and develop over-the-counter stockoptions and futures. Short-selling of Japanese government cashbonds was a vital hedging mechanism, he added.    The group of some 60 Japanese legislators and financialleaders which Atkinson and Binney addressed was recently formedto study ways in which Japan should promote liberalisation ofits financial markets.    "We should not leave such matters solely to governmentbureaucrats," Masao Hori, Chairman of the lower house financecommittee, told the group. REUTER&#3;