A high-level meeting last week whichincluded the Secretary of Agriculture and other senior  USDAofficials, along with leaders of the major soybean lobbyinggroups, failed to reach any decision on what should be doneabout the soybean loan level, participants at the meeting toldReuters.    "We didn't feel a lot was accomplished last week, but wewere delighted to meet with the Secretary, and he didn't closethe door on anything," a member of the soybean delegation said.    At issue is the current soybean loan and the fact that atthe present level of 4.77 dlrs (without Gramm-Rudmanreductions) it encourages foreign soybean production by makingsoybeans more profitable to grow than corn.    But while recognizing that soybeans are priced too high inrelation with corn, soybean groups have pledged their supportto maintaining current price supports for soybean growers.    Leaders of the American Soybean Association and theNational Soybean Processors Association offered specific loanoptions to USDA Secretary Lyng in last week's meeting, butparticipants would not reveal what those options were.    "There were no surprises in our package," one participantsaid. Bandied about for several weeks has been the idea ofoffering producers soybean loans partially in cash and incertificates.    The most prevailing scheme would be to pay a 4.77 loan with77 cts worth of soybean-specific certificates which would nothave to be paid back and the remaining four dlrs in cash.    This would have the effect of lowering the world price,maintaining domestic support levels and reducing thegovernment's soybean inventory.    A marketing loan for soybeans was not discussed at lastweek's meeting, participants said.    One member of the soybean delegation said that the meetingwas a "listening session" for USDA, and that the proposals willnow be studied further by the Department.    USDA officials, however, would not commit to any timeframe. Participants in the meeting do not look for changes inthe soybean loan to be announced in the near future.    "USDA is very sensitive about saying anything that couldinfluence the market, so the Secretary was very non-committal,"a participant said. Reuter&#3;