Widespread strikes have not seriouslydisrupted Spain's economy and wage restrictions are likely tocontinue as policy makers call for more austerity to help thecountry compete in the European Community (EC), foreign bankersand analysts said.    "The strikes were unexpected and in some cases spectacular,but they have had little effect on basic economic life," a U.S.Banker told Reuters. "The socialists can apply restrictivemeasures as long as the unions remain relatively weak."    The communist-led Workers' Commissions recently rejected acall by its leadership for a general strike while the rulingSocialist Party's trade union arm, the General Workers' Union,has refused to demonstrate with the communists on May 1.    The government's chief concern is inflation, which stood at8.3 pct last year. The high inflation rate is especiallydamaging in view of Spain's trade balance with Europe, whichturned into a deficit last year after entry to the EC.    Officials say the situation is rapidly deteriorating. Thedeficit of 450 mln dlrs in the first two months of 1987 wasonly slightly below the 515 mln dlr deficit for all of 1986.    The government has tightened up money supply, called formaximum 5.0 pct wage increases -- the same as this year'sinflation target -- and is pursuing a program of industrialrestructuring despite an unemployment rate of 21.5 pct.    Bankers say tight-money policies have attracted anavalanche of foreign capital that is cashing in on the strongpeseta and high interest rates and those funds, converted intopesetas, are swelling money supply still further.    Bank of Spain governor Mariano Rubio said last week thatmoney supply is expected to rise 14.3 pct in the first quartercompared with this year's eight pct target.    Most analysts agree that the government will have to acceptinflation closer to six pct this year but they say there islittle cause for alarm.    "The money supply should be back on track by the summer andwe will begin to see lower interest rates," said AndresTrujillo, general manager of Hong Kong and Shanghai BankingCorp's Madrid branch.    He told Reuters the labour protests, despite occasionaloutbursts of violence, are not having a serious impact onforeign investment.    "Spain is a big and relatively underdeveloped market," hesaid. "It is still easier to compete from here than in othercountries and this sporadic unrest is not likely to scare offinvestors."    Juan Jose Macaya, general manager of Investban SA, aportfolio management company, said he expects monetaryobjectives to be under control in two or three months.    "There has been some nervousness in the stock exchange butwe see this as a short-term reaction," he said. REUTER&#3;