U.S. banks are under pressure tomeet vigorous competition, but Congress continues to duck hardchoices on banking law reform that could benefit consumers.    Supporters say deregulating banking will increasecompetition, offer consumers more choices and bring lower feesfor financial services and home mortgage interest rates.    But the Senate Banking Committee last week put off untillater in the year decisions on pressing issues such as whetherbanks could enter new businesses like underwriting corporatedebt and selling insurance and real estate.    The committee also reined in banks' competitors, theso-called nonbank banks, which elude the technical definitionof a bank because they do not both accept deposits and makeloans. The committee meeting room became a battleground forgiants of the financial industry -- banks, brokerages,insurance firms, retail and industrial corporations -- with butlittle consideration given to the consumer.    The lobbies backed various amendments to protect their turfand a bill that rescues a federal deposit insurance fund forthrift institutions and puts a moratorium on any changes inbanking law was passed and sent on to the full Senate.    The House of Representatives has yet to act.    Behind the political deals was the larger question whetherCongress would end or modify the half-century-old separation ofcommercial and investment banking or leave it alone.    One argument in support of change is that fees forfinancial services would come down if Congress expands banks'powers.    Lower fees to underwrite mortgage-backed securities, forexample, could lead to lower interest rates on home mortgages,supporters say.    "A lot of nonbanking firms have used loopholes to get intobanking, but banks have not be allowed into any new businesses,"says Robert Litan of the Brookings Institution.    "We have been seeing a gigantic turf war," says Litan, whofavors new powers for banks if deposits are safeguarded.    The swirl of corporate mergers and the financialinformation explosion have blurred the distinction between theactivities of banks and security brokerages.    On a wider horizon, U.S. financial institutions facestepped-up competition from financial centers like London andTokyo in international transactions.    West German and Japanese banking is more concentrated in afew, large banks, while most European countries allow bankingand securities to be mixed.    All these forces put pressure on U.S. financial firms toadapt to change, but the congressional debate over reform dragson. The committee's bill put a freeze on any changes and itschairman, Senator William Proxmire, promised to return theissues in October. If approved by Congress, the bill wouldpostpone applications before the Federal Reserve for new powersto three of the largest banks -- Citicorp, J.P. Morgan andBankers Trust.    Other industries where regulatory barriers have fallen haveexperienced lower fees, the emergence of new players andaccelerated innovation.    But these advances in airlines, trucking, andtelecommunications have not been without drawbacks. Companiesthat were slow to adapt disappeared under the new competitiveregime, while the public faced a bewildering number of newchoices. The Reagan administration favors bank reform.    The traditional method companies use to raise funds --borrowing from banks -- has given way to selling corporate debtand other new securities that are off limits to banks.    But critics say the soundness of the banking system createdby such laws as the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act would beundermined.    Banks are treated as special and shielded from themarketplace's vagaries by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.The Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp (FSLIC) performsthe same function for thrifts.    The one issue the committee did act on which benefitsconsumers is new funding for the federal insurance fund fordeposits at savings and loan associations, which has fallen toits lowest ratio of reserves to deposits in history.    Despite efforts toward change in Congress, a ban oninterstate banking remains.    The barriers are crumbling anyway because statelegislatures are agreeing to permit bank mergers across statelines within a region.    Congress is proceeding cautiously, having in mind thebanking industry's tribulations in the early 1930's.    But some say it is moving too cautiously for banks to keeppace with what is happening in business here and around theworld. Reuter&#3;