The World Bank has suggested Indiashould move to a more open economy by gradually removing mostgovernment controls on industry and adopting a liberal externaltrade policy with reduced levels of protection.    A confidential "executive summary" of a draft Bank report onthe Indian economy was made available to Reuters. It suggestsliberalisation as part of a package of reforms to boost exportsof Indian goods by making them more competitive.    The summary said, "These reforms would result in (domestic)prices much more in line with world prices than is true today,and in a greater degree of import competition and exportrivalry than the nation has ever seen."    The summary said foreign trade must play a key role inIndia's transition towards a more dynamic economy. Liberalimports of capital goods would help modernise the economy andexpose Indian producers to foreign competition. Larger exportswould provide the foreign exchange for imports.    "The main guideline is unambiguously to abandon the presentprinciple of unlimited protection for all indigenouslyavailable products and to recognise the role of actual orpotential competition from imports as a source of discipline onthe prices and costs of public and private sector domesticmanufacturers," the summary said.    An Indian official told Reuters the government wasdiscussing the report with the Bank. A final report with somechanges was likely to be ready by May, but he declined to givefurther details.    The Bank and industrialised nations will discuss the Bank'sfinal report at a meeting in Paris on June 22 and 23 to discussaid for India in the 1987/88 year starting in June.    The summary said India's gross domestic product (gdp) grewat an average five pct in Indian fiscal years 1985/86 and1986/87, which ended in March.    It said investment was being sustained at nearly 25 pct ofgdp. Almost 94 pct of the investment was being financed bynational savings, mainly from the private sector.    India's trade deficit is officially said to have narrowedto 5.6 billion dlrs in 1986/87 ended March, from a record 6.96billion dlrs in 1985/86. The current account deficit fell to2.4 billion dlrs in 1986/87 from 2.88 billion in 1985/86.    But the summary said the improvement was largely due tolower prices of crude oil, petroleum products and fertiliserswhich make up the bulk of India's import bill.    India was able to save about 2.6 billion dlrs in foreignexchange in 1986/87 due to lower prices of those products, thesummary said.    The Bank's summary said there was little room forcomplacency in the balance of payments position.    It said that despite a lower trade deficit in 1986/87,Indian foreign exchange reserves fell by 240 mln dlrs.    Real export growth would need to average at least 6.1 pct ayear in value terms in the coming years to maintain a viablebalance of payments, the summary said.    It did not explicitly suggest the rupee should be devalued.India "might have to reaffirm the commitment to exporting whileundertaking some dramatic changes in general incentives thatinvolve some political costs," it said.    "An example of such a policy would be the adoption of anexchange rate regime that maintained exporters' profitability,"the summary said.    It said such an approach had been successful in countriessuch as South Korea, Colombia and Turkey. It would maintain thecompetitiveness of Indian exports and simultaneously reduceimport pressures.    Earlier this year, the Indian government denied that theWorld Bank asked it to devalue the Indian rupee to boostexports. REUTER&#3;