The conservative opposition, alreadyfighting an uphill election battle, now faces controversy inits own ranks over a possible error in its major tax cuttingprogram, economists said.    Professor Michael Porter, architect of the tax plan,declined to refute Treasurer Paul Keating's charge that theopposition miscalculated tax and expenditure cuts by severalbillion dollars. Economists said the opposition, trailingbehind Labour in opinion polls, would find its chances furtherdiminished if its tax policy was a miscalculation.    The tax plan, unveiled by opposition leader John Howardlast week, is the cornerstone of the Liberal Party's economicstrategy to oust the Labour Party in the July 11 poll.    Keating has said the Howard tax plan would sharply increasethe budget deficit to more than nine billion dlrs and severelydamage Australia's economy, already overburdened with balanceof payments and foreign debt problems.    In his mini-budget on May 13, Keating said the budgetdeficit for the year ending June 1988 would be between two andthree billion dlrs.    Porter, a key member of the opposition economic think tank,said he played a leading role in formulating the tax plan butnot Howard's proposed expenditure savings, which Keatingclaimed were distorted through double counting.    Some opposition members said there appeared to be errors,but a Liberal Party spokesman refused comment, saying thepackage was being reexamined.    "The whole thing is so deceitful," Prime Minister Bob Hawkesaid in a radio interview. "Howard has made a mess of it. Ifthey can't govern themselves, how can they expect to govern thecountry?"    Hawke, who is seeking a third term, said the opposition hadmade the election one of the easiest for him.    "I've never felt more physically and mentally relaxed(during an election). We've no problems at all," he said.    The latest public opinion poll, published in the MelbourneSun newspaper, showed Labour was leading the opposition by 12points, indicating a 66-seat majority for Hawke in parliament.    The Election Commission announced last night that 613candidates would contest the 148-seat House of Representatives,while 255 candidates would fight for the 76 Senate seats. REUTER&#3;