The operator of a major U.S. crude oilpipeline, shutdown because of flood damage, said it may beseveral days before repairs are made and the system isfunctioning again.    Dan Stevens, manager of public and government affairs atTexaco Inc &lt;TX>, operator of the pipeline through itssubsidiary Texaco Pipeline Co, said the company hopes repairswill begin in about five days and expects it to take severalmore days to complete.    "At this point we are lining up what we know we need, to getthe job done," Stevens said, adding that the timing for repairswill depend on the damage to the pipeline which is difficult toassess because of flooding on the Red River.    The pipeline was shipping roughly 225,000 barrels of crudeoil per day, or about 55 pct of its capacity during the 30 dayspreceding its shutdown on Saturday, Stevens said.    The pipeline was shut down from Cushing, Okla, to WitchitaFalls, Kan, on Saturday due to an undetermined leak at the RedRiver crossing, near the Oklahoma/Texas border, because ofsevere rains, a spokesman for Texaco said.    Stevens said it was reasonable to suggest the pipelinecould operate at full capacity when it reopens in order to makeup for the shortfull but cautioned they will talk withcustomers to determine their requirements.    Oil analysts and traders said they were not sure if the shutdown will continue to raise U.S. oil prices.    Monday, after Texaco confirmed that the pipeline had beenclosed, West Texas Intermediate crude in the spot market and onNew York Mercantile Exchange's energy futures complex rose 20cts a barrel.    Stevens said it was reasonable to suggest the pipelinecould operate at full capacity when it reopens in order to makeup for the shortfull but cautioned they will talk withcustomers to determine their requirements.    Oil analysts and traders said they were not sure if the shutdown will continue to raise U.S. oil prices.    Monday, after Texaco confirmed that the pipeline had beenclosed, West Texas Intermediate crude in the spot market and onNew York Mercantile Exchange's energy futures complex rose 20cts a barrel. Reuter&#3;