The federal Food and DrugAdministration (FDA) is expected to announce soon that it willrequire an additional review of Genentech Inc's TPA heart drug,a move that likely will delay the company's plans tomarket the drug this spring, government and Wall Street sourcessaid.    TPA, a bio-engineered blood-clot dissolving drug whichGenentech hopes to market under the name Activase, will bereviewed by the FDA's cardiorenal advisory committee during thepanel's May 28-29 meeting, the sources said.    Neither Genentech nor the FDA would confirm that a secondreview of the drug had been set.    "It's under consideration for the May 28-29 meeting," an FDAofficial said. "It's on a draft agenda."    Similarly, a Genentech spokeswoman said the FDA had not yetnotified it of the second advisory committee review.    "We know it's a possibility, but as of this minute, we can'tconfirm that we are on the agenda," she said.    The spokeswoman said a second review had "always been apossibility." But she declined to say how the review wouldaffect marketing plans before receiving official FDA word.    The spokeswoman acknowledged that rumors of a second FDAcommittee review had buffeted Genentech's stock yesterday onWall Street. The stock fell 2.75 dlrs a share to clsoe at 61.75dlrs.    TPA stands for tissue plasminogen activator, and would beused on heart attack victims to clear blockage in a vein orartery. Though other blood clot dissolvers are on the market,TPA is said to be more effective and with fewer side effects.    Analysts have projected the worldwide market for the drugat as high as 1.5 billion dlrs a year.    Stuart Weisbrod, a biotechnology analyst with PrudentialBache Securities Inc., told Reuters the additional FDA reviewlikely would keep TPA off the market until at least November.    Approval had been expected this spring.    He said the FDA action prompted him to cut his estimate ofGenentech's 1987 earnings to about 40 cents a share from hisearlier projection of 67 cents a share.    He said the delay would lower Genentech's 1987 revenuesfrom TPA to about five to six mln dlrs compared to an earlierprojection of 50 to 60 mln dlrs of 1987 revenues. Reuter&#3;