The U.S. Treasury said it was willingto participate with several other industrial countries inproviding a 500 mln-dlr short-term bridge loan to Argentina.    The Treasury announcecement did not name the othercountries nor the amount of financing the United States waswilling to supply.    Argentina announced a wage and price freeze on Wednesdaynight and is negotiating with New York bankers for about 2.15billion dlrs in new loans and other financing.    "Our willingness to participate in this multilateralshort-term financing indicates our support for Argentina'seconomic program to achieve sustainable growth and a viablebalance of payments position," the Treassury statement said.    In announcing a four-month wage and price freeze, Argentineofficials said the country needed "a more serene climate" tocarry out structural changes in the economy.    But Argentina did not suspend interest payments on itsforeign debts, as neighboring Brazil did last week.    The Treasury said the U.S. share of bridge financing forArgentina would come from its Exchange Stabilization Fund.    The one-page statement noted the International MonetaryFund expressed confidence in Argentina's economic policies andprospects by approving a new stand-by financing arrangement forit on February 18.    "Argentina is expected to qualify for IMFbalance-of-payments financing which would enable Argentina torepay a multilateral bridge loan and support the implementationof its economic program," the statement said.    The latest Argentine action marked the second time in lessthan two years its government has used a wage and price freezeto restrain inflation.    The debt talks in New York are being headed by ArgentineFinance Minister Mario Brodersohn and are expected to last forseveral days.    Along with new financing, Argentina reportedly wants lowerinterest rates on an existing total 53 billion dlrs in foreigndebt and elimination of foreign banks' control over how some ofthe money is loaned in Argentina. Reuter&#3;