The ruling Liberal Democratic Party's(LDP) setback in Sunday's nationwide local elections may forcethe government to water down its controversial proposal for afive pct sales tax and undermine its commitment to stimulatingthe economy, private economists said.    The LDP's failure to win seats in some crucial localconstituencies will weaken the government's ability to pushthrough its tax plan, and without a compromise tax proposal thebudget for fiscal 1987/88 ending March 31 is unlikely to bepassed soon, they said.    Without the budget, the government would also behard-pressed to come up with an effective package to stimulatethe economy as pledged at Group of Seven meetings in Paris inlate February and in Washington last week, they said.    Opposition protests against the sales tax have stalledparliamentary debate on the budget for weeks and forced thegovernment to enact a stop-gap 1987/88 budget that began earlythis month.    "The LDP's election setback will have an enormous impact onthe already faltering economy," said Johsen Takahashi, chiefeconomist at Mitsubishi Research Institute.    Takahashi said that behind the LDP's poor showing waspublic discontent with the government's high-handed push fortax reform and its lack of effective policies to cope witheconomic woes caused by the yen's appreciation.    "This explains why the LDP failed to regain governorships inthe most hotly contested constituencies of Fukuoka andHokkaido, where the shipbuilding and steel industries aresuffering heavily from the yen's extended rise," he said.    Takahashi said the government should delay introduction ofthe sales tax for one or two years beyond its original startingdate of January 1988 and implement tax cuts now.    Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist Masahiko Koido also saidhe favours watering down the proposed sales tax whilesuggesting the government boost public works spending bymodifying its tight fiscal policies.    "The local election results were a signal the economy nowneeds government action to take clear-cut fiscal measures," hesaid, adding that such moves would help the world economy aswell as Japan's.    For the last five years or so, the government has stuck toa tight fiscal policy in a bid to halt the issue of deficitfinancing bonds by fiscal 1990/91, economists said.    If the LDP election setback leads to a scaled down salestax proposal, the government would have to find other revenuesources to help finance the planned tax cuts and a package ofmeasures to stimulate the economy, the economists said.    Koido said the government could raise additional revenue byselling shares in public corporations such as Nippon Telegraphand Telephone Corp. But it should issue additional bonds toensure a more stable source of funds, he said.    "It may run counter to its avowed policy of balancing thebudget, but it can do so on a short-term basis," he said.    Takahashi of Mitsubishi Research also agreed with the needfor the government to float more bonds to raise funds neededfor economic expansion.    He said additional government borrowing would place noburden on the capital market because it has amassed huge excessfunds and government bond prices have risen to record levelslately.    "The market is just waiting for more new government bondissues," he said. REUTER&#3;