The federal Securities and ExchangeCommission (SEC) is looking for possible securities lawsviolations in connection with an unsuccessful 1986 bid byHollywood producer Burt Sugarman to take over TRE Corp,attorneys contacted by SEC investigators said.    During the takeeover attempt, a unit of Sugarman's GiantGroup Ltd at one point held a 9.9 pct stake in TRE.    It had help in that effort from Jefferies Group Inc, a LosAngeles investment banking firm which sold it an option on aportion of the shares Sugarman eventually acquired.    In addition, a company controlled by Sugarman raised 35 mlndlrs in a debt offering underwritten by Drexel Burnham LambertInc with help from Jefferies, and used a portion of theproceeds to buy TRE stock.    Finally, Reliance Group Holdings Inc acquired nearly sixpct of TRE, according to an SEEC filing.    The attorneys, who asked not to be identified, said the SECwas investigating whether Sugarman and other firms with TREholdings were working together without disclosing theircooperation, as would be required by the federal securitieslaws.    One attorney said SEC probers also were examining whetherSugarman and Drexel had made adequate disclosures of itsintended usage of the proceeds in the prospectus for the 35 mlndlr bond offering.    A TRE spokesman confirmed that TRE, since December a unitof Aluminum Co of America, had been contacted by SECinvestigators and was cooperating with the probe.    The spokesman added that TRE Chairman Leopold Wyler hadbeen interviewed by the SEC probers.    A Jefferies spokesman said the SEC had asked forinformation a few months ago as part of an informal probe.    The spokesman said Jefferies had cooperated with the agencyand had heard nothing more since that time.    "To the best of our knowledge, Jefferies is not the targetof a formal SEC investigation" in connection with the TRE bid,he said.    A Drexel spokesman acknowledged that his firm hadunderwritten the debt offering for Sugarman but added:    "We had nothing to do with TRE."    As a matter of policy, the SEC routinely declines tocomment on its enforcement activities. Reuter&#3;