South Korean firms affected by a governmentorder to cut bank loan exposures fear the move may make theirexports less competitive, company officials said.    Last month, the government ordered 82 companies to repay 10pct of their bank borrowings by December 31. It told them toreplace the amount with new share issues or money raisedthrough convertible bonds offered on the local capital market.    Company officials said they backed the move in principlebut were worried it would raise financing costs at a time whenthe won was rising steadily against the dollar.    "We plan to export 100,000 cars this year and 200,000 nextyear and with our present production facilities we cannotproduce this amount," an official from Daewoo Motor Co Ltd, whorequested anonymity, told Reuters. "We must invest in productionfacilities to meet our target, which means we need a lot ofmoney from banks or elsewhere."    "But if we should pay back bank loans within this year, wewill face mounting financial difficulties and have less moneyto invest on a new production line, which will eventuallydiscourage our exports," he added.    The 82 companies each have bank loans exceeding 50 billionwon, representing a combined exposure of 10,052 billion won orabout 20 pct of all loans extended by South Korean banks,finance ministry officials said.    The companies must raise 1,005.2 billion won by theDecember deadline, the officials said. Of this total, the 82firms would raise some 646.5 billion won from selling part oftheir existing Seoul stock market portfolios, they said.    Another 74.1 billion would be raised by new share offeringsand 284.6 billion by convertible bond issues.    Most of the firms affected by the repayment scheme areaffiliates of large conglomerates or "chaebols."    Thirteen of the 82 are affiliates of Samsung Co Ltd, 10 areHyundai Corp associates, seven are part of the Lucky-GoldstarGroup, six are part of Daewoo Corp, four are Sunkyong Ltdaffiliates and four are part of Ssangyong Corp.    Finance ministry officials said the order was part ofgovernment efforts to absorb excessive money supply triggeredby the growing current account surplus and to increase thesupply of shares on the stock market.    "We want to mop up the excess liquidity by making companiesissue new shares and bonds, and to give banks more funds tolend to small-sized firms," one official said.    The targeted 1,005.2 billion won represents three pct ofthe M-2 money supply of 33,871 billion won at the end of 1986.    The M-2 at end-April was up 18.2 pct from a year earlier,compared with the government's 18 pct growth target for thewhole of this year, officials figures showed.    The current account swung to a surplus of 2.5 billion dlrsin the first four months of this year from a deficit of 294 mlnin the same period last year.    "We expect the measure will help companies improve theirfinancial structure by lowering the ratio of liability," theministry official said.    A Hyundai Motor Co official, who asked not to beidentified, said, "We basically see the measure as positive, forwe can raise money in the capital market by issuing new sharesor convertible bonds which will eventually improve ourfinancial structure."    "But as far as the finance cost is concerned, issuing newshares is more expensive than borrowing from banks and we haveto pay back the loans (soon)," he added.    South Korean bank loans attract an average interest rate of11.5 pct.    "We are also concerned over the won's gradual appreciationagainst the dollar which is emerging as a threatening factor toexport-oriented firms," another company official said.    "We will come under mounting financial pressure if the woncontinues to go up," he added.    The won has risen more than 4.5 pct against the dollar thisyear after gaining 3.34 pct in 1986.    "Many firms prefer to borrow from banks rather than boostcapital by issuing shares so that they can evade new dividendpressure," a bank official said. "A firm's owners hate to seetheir holding ratio lowered by issuing shares."    "But their dependency on the banks should be correctedbecause their financial structure is already poor," he said.    (See Monitor page ECRA for spotlight index) REUTER&#3;