CSR Ltd &lt;CSRA.S> intends to proceed withits planned bid for building materials group Monier Ltd&lt;MNRA.S> despite the counter-bid from &lt;Equiticorp Tasman Ltd>(ETL), CSR executive director Gene Herbert told Reuters.    ETL said today it would offer 4.15 dlrs each for Monier'sissued capital of 156.28 mln shares, plus a share alternative.This compares with a 3.80 dlr cash element in CSR's proposedbid.    The proposed offer by ETL, controlled by New Zealandentrepreneur Allan Hawkins, came after it built up a 14.99 pctstake in Monier in a 95 mln dlr share raid in recent days.    Herbert said Britain's Redland Plc &lt;RDLD.L>, which holdsjust under 50 pct of Monier, still supported the CSR bid andhad told CSR it is not a seller.    He said Redland wanted to maintain and build on itsoperations in Australia and the U.S., Where Monier has built upa strong presence, notably in roofing tile manufacture.    The CSR offer contains a put and call option agreement withRedland. This enables Redland to accept the CSR bid within sixmonths of its close or to lift its stake to 50.1 pct in thesame period and to run Monier as a joint venture with CSR.    CSR has said that Redland will take up the second option.    ETL has declined to say why it intervened in Monier, beyonddescribing it as a long term investment.    ETL would bring no synergies to Monier, unlike CSR which isa leader in building materials, Herbert said.    "We fit better with Monier," he said.    CSR has said that it will concentrate development on itscore businesses of sugar and building materials after its movesinto energy several years ago.    Asked what he thought ETL's bid sought to achieve, Herbertsaid: "I'm puzzled as to what Hawkins' strategy is. One has towonder if Monier is the main target."    Herbert said CSR had no plans to raise its bid, and said ahigher price would be difficult to justify on fundamentals.    Monier was trading at 2.80 dlrs when CSR launched itsoriginal bid of 3.50, or 16.8 times earnings, in late April.    The shares closed at 3.90 dlrs today, down 25 cents onyesterday, after ETL withdrew on reaching the top foreignshareholding level permitted without Foreign Investment ReviewBoard (FIRB) approval. Its bid is subject to FIRB approval.    Herbert also said that institutions, which are more likelyto accept a share alternative than cash, would have to judgethe respective values of ETL and CSR shares.    ETL is the third group to become involved in a possibleacquisition of Monier this year. Redland held discussions on apossible takeover before the CSR bid emerged but thenegotiations foundered on the price.    Share analysts said that for this reason, they did notthink ETL's intervention would flush out a full Redland bidalthough Monier's ultimate fate rests in its hands.    "Redland is still in the driving seat," said Tim Cohen of&lt;Ord Minnett Ltd>, adding that Redland would be happier havingCSR as a partner in running Monier than ETL.    Monier's independent directors have recommended ETL's bid. REUTER&#3;