Japanese oil companies are startingcampaigns to market 100 octane gasoline to meet growingdomestic demand for higher quality motor fuel, oil sourcessaid.    Ten companies plan to offer the unleaded gasoline thissummer, starting with &lt;Idemitsu Kosan Co Ltd> on June 20.    Showa Shell Sekiyu KK &lt;SHOL.T> introduced its Formula Shell98 octane gasoline to the Japanese market in January this year.    Formula Shell has achieved strong sales in Japan despite ahigher price than regular octane gasoline, which has promptedother oil firms to offer a rival product, the sources said.    "We have received a good response from consumers of FormulaShell in terms of a smoother ride and effective fuelconsumption," Showa Shell said.    Shell's product sells for 145 yen per litre, 15 yen higherthan regular gasoline, and has already achieved a 38 pct shareof Japan's high octane gasoline market, it said.    High octane gasoline accounts for 25 pct of Shell's totalgasoline sales in Japan, it added.    Idemitsu said it hopes to raise high octane sales to 20 pctof its total gasoline sales from about seven pct, immediatelyafter the launch of its Idemitsu 100.    Nippon Oil Co Ltd &lt;NPOL.T> said it will launch its 100octane gasoline on July 1, aiming for an increase in highoctane sales to 20 pct from six pct of its total gasolinesales.    The rush to compete for high octane gasoline market sharehas been spurred by expectations that the government will liftgasoline production quotas and restrictions on gasoline stationconstruction in the next two to three years.    "Major oil companies are trying to boost their gasolinesales network ahead of the proposed lifting of gasolineproduction quotas," an official at a major oil company said.    An advisory panel to the Ministry of International Tradeand Industry (MITI) recommended this week that the governmentpress ahead with deregulation of the oil industry, includingthe lifting of gasoline production quotas, to help oilcompanies increase their international competitiveness.    Japan's three biggest gasoline marketers, Nippon Oil,Idemitsu and Showa Shell, suffered supply shortages under theproduction quota guideline in fiscal 1986, ended last March.    Domestic gasoline demand during the year was up 2.5 pctfrom the previous year, according to a MITI report. REUTER&#3;