U.S. Treasury Secretary James Bakerholds talks with counterparts from Europe and Japan today, tourge them to carry out commitments in a recent accord to speedtheir economic growth.    Baker is also expected to outline proposals for makingagreements to coordinate economic policies more binding.    The bilateral discussions foreshadow full-blown talks ofthe Group of Five industrial countries joined later by Italyand Canada to form the Group of Seven.    The five comprise finance ministers and central bankers ofthe United States, Japan, West Germany, France and Britain.    The Treasury Secretary is expected to see Japanese FinanceMinister Kiichi Miyazawa, West German Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg and British Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson.    Baker and other finance ministers say they intend toreaffirm the Paris Agreement to buttress global economicgrowth, reduce trade imbalances and stabilize currencies.    Monetary sources said a short communique to that effect isexpected after the meeting ends.    These talks form part of this week's semi-annual meetingsof the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.    At the same time, monetary sources say they expect Baker toput forward proposals, originally outlined at the 1986 TokyoSummit, to tighten procedures for policy coordination.    Washington wants other major nations to establish specificpolicy goals for economic growth, inflation, current accountbalance of payments, trade balances, budget performance,monetary conditions and currencies.    If actual economic performance veers sharply away from suchobjectives, then countries should consult on whether correctiveaction is necessary, the proposal says.    Monetary sources said there was some support for theproposal, which may not be made final until the Venice EconomicSummit in June, but Britain and West Germany were firmlyagainst any attempt to make corrective action automatic.    The U.S. Treasury team, led by Baker, has worked on thisplan since last September, when it won the support of France.    Baker, meanwhile, will press Japan and West Germany to liveup to their commitments, made over six weeks ago in Paris, toboost their domestic demand to absorb more imports.    He is also expected to reassure his counterparts that theReagan administration will reach agreement with Congress on asignificant budget deficit cut this year, helping to depressU.S. demand for imports.    The aim of the Paris Accord is to redress the hugeimbalance between the trade surpluses of Tokyo and Bonn on theone hand, and Washington's massive trade deficit on the other.    Japan, in particular, is under pressure to come up with ameaningful stimulus package or face a further rise in the yen.    Financial markets appear to believe the yen should gohigher against the dollar, a development that has becomeunacceptable in Japan.    The Paris Agreement, by the United States, Japan, WestGermany, France, Britain and Canada, called for currencies tobe stabilized around current levels.    But the dollar fell again just several weeks after theagreement was reached, and its present stability is said to betemporary as dealers await the outcome of this week's talks.    Meanwhile, representatives of the leading Third Worldcountries continue preparing their position for their ministersto present to industrial nations later this week.    Monetary sources said the so-called Group of 24 developingnations are preparing a very tough communique which brands thewestern strategy for shoring up the debt strategy as a failure.    They call instead for vast new assistance from theindustrial world and a much greater role for the InternationalMonetary Fund and the World Bank. Reuter&#3;