The chairman of the conference on a newInternational Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA), Manaspas Xuto ofThailand, said it was imperative to try to settle the mainoutstanding issues this week.    The INRA renegotiation conference, which resumed todayunder the auspices of the United Nations Conference on Tradeand Development (UNCTAD), is scheduled to last until March 20.    Xuto told delegates this session of the conferencepresented a promising opportunity to conclude a new pact but ithad to be the last before the current accord expires inOctober.    Xuto said in his consultations with representatives ofmajor exporting and importing countries over the last fewmonths, "I have found a constructive attitude and willingness tobe flexible on the part of all concerned."    "It is imperative that we try to settle the majoroutstanding issues in the course of this week, since aconsiderable amount of technical drafting work will remain tobe completed." He said he will immediately start consultationswith producers and consumers.    The last October negotiations collapsed in disagreementover buffer stock operations.    Consumer demands for tighter buffer stock controls, aimedat preventing INRA from following the collapse of theInternational Tin Agreement (ITA), were rejected by producerswho argued for unchanged INRA terms.    The tin pact failed when its buffer stock manager ran outof funds to support prices.    Three previous rounds of talks between rubber producers andconsumers for a new five-year pact ended without agreement. TheINRA, originally due to expire in October 1985, was extended toOctober 1987 to facilitate renegotiation.    Wong Kum Choon, head of the Malaysian delegation, said hewas cautiously optimistic "that together we should be able tosave INRA and prevent it from being scuttled."    Without INRA, he added, prices of natural rubber wouldbecome more volatile.    Calling on delegates to show a sense of purpose andreality, he said, "There is no reason why we could not put asidedifferences and come up with a successor agreement." Reuter&#3;