Attempts to hold currency ratesrigidly within tight ranges through European Monetary Systemintramarginal intervention can be counterproductive, bringingfunds into the stronger currency from the weaker at rates stillconsidered fairly favourable, the Bundesbank said.    "The movements thus sparked can actually promote the weakertendency of a currency, requiring still larger obligatoryintervention when rates hit band limits," it said in its 1986annual report. The other danger was that money supply expansioncould be caused in the stronger currency nation without itscentral bank being involved in the activity.    "For this reason, currency levels should be allowed as muchroom for manoeuvre as possible inside the band limits when acurrency is in a phase of weakness," the Bundesbank said.    "In addition, speculative positions are made more expensiveto hold when interest differentials are increased."    In the report, the Bundesbank gave a rare glimpse of theextent of intramarginal and obligatory EMS intervention thathas taken place since the foundation of the eight-currencysystem on March 13, 1979.    Obligatory intervention is that required by EMS centralbanks when a currency reaches its agreed limit against anotherparticipating unit.    Intramarginal intervention is undertaken on agreementbetween central banks when speculative pressure moves acurrency in an unwanted direction, although it may not yet benear any allowed EMS limits.    At the start of this year, central banks were very activelyselling marks and supporting weaker currencies, primarily theFrench franc, as speculative EMS pressure grew.    But the announcement by the Bank of France that it wasceasing intramarginal intervention sent the franc straight toits then-permitted floor of 31.8850 marks per 100.    Data in the Bundesbank report showed the EMS central banksbought a net total 29.9 billion marks after the April 6, 1986realignment until the selling petered out on July 7.    But this was far outweighed by net purchases between July8, 1986, and the realignment on January 12 this year totalling63.0 billion marks - 44.1 billion of which was intramarginaland 18.9 billion was obligatory intervention.    The data showed that 17.4 billion marks of the totaleventually filtered into the West German monetary system.    Since the latest realignment, central banks have bought16.1 billion marks in intramarginal intervention, theBundesbank said, without naming the banks involved.    Only very high activity after the March 21, 1983realignment came close to matching moves up to last January.Then, central banks bought a massive 61.6 billion marks in theperiod up to July 1985, mainly to stabilise the EMS as thedollar surged.    This then turned into mark sales of a net 34.0 billion fromJuly 11, 1985 in the run-up to the April 1986 realignment. REUTER&#3;