Soviet Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzhkovdescribed the Soviet Union's economic management system asobsolete and called on the Supreme Soviet, the nominalparliament, to adopt a draft law on major economic reform.    In a speech to the 1,500 member body, Ryzhkov saidexcessive central control by Moscow-based ministries andwasteful use of resources had led to a situation where 13 pctof Soviet industrial enterprises were making a loss in 1986.    He said the public faced acute food and housing problemsand a "shadow economy" was growing because the state could notmeet demand.    He added that the USSR had failed to keep up with thetechnology revolution.    "The methods of the past system of economic management havebecome obsolete," Ryzhkov declared. "The need for change isevident and urgent."    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev, who set the tone lastweek with a frank speech on the economy, was present during thespeech.    The legislation outlined by Ryzhkov, formally called thedraft law on state enterprises, is expected to be approved bythe Supreme Soviet, to take effect next January 1.    Under the law, all enterprises are to become financiallyself-supporting by taking charge of income and outlay, withwages tied to profit in order to increase worker incentive.    Firms will compete for orders from the state, which are dueto decline as direct contracts between enterprises expand.    Ryzhkov said the state planning agency, Gosplan, would berestructured to set national economic priorities instead ofadministering factories directly through five year plans.    "We need a fundamentally new approach to yearly planning," headded, saying annual central plans would be abandoned from 1991and enterprises charged with developing their own plans.    He said scientific research should be integrated closelywith industry to make up a technology gap with the West andenterprises should use market research to meet consumer demand.    Ryzhkov blamed the state supply body, Gossnab, for allowingshortages to occur. He said Gossnab was hoarding 27 billionroubles worth of raw materials and semi-finished products ofenterprises. He said Gossnab should help expand wholesaletrade.    Ryzhkov said improved economic management of consumer goodsand services was required to stem increasing speculation andthe growth of the black market economy. He called for a 10 foldincrease in the number of cooperatives to help in this field.    He said the price system needed radical revision toaccurately reflect supply and demand, with the state settingprices only for "products of national importance" in changes tobe fully in place by the next five year plan beginning in 1991.    The practice of using credit to cover losses must alsostop. Outstanding debts to the state had reached 40 billionroubles.    He said there were proposals to replace the "cumbersome"banking system with six new banks -- a state bank and banks forforeign economic relations, agro-industry, construction,housing and commercial services, and credit.    Ryzhkov said guarantees should be built into the law toprevent "the distortion of the rights of enterprises." Butnon-profitable enterprises would be declared bankrupt ifefforts to make them self-supporting failed.    Bemoaning the "economic illiteracy" of many managers, hecalled for the retraining of economic personnel.    Ryzhkov said an immense amount of work lay ahead and "doingit on the go" would be difficult, but added, "We do not have timeto stop and ponder."    He said the changes should "give a new image to socialism." REUTER&#3;