The attempt by International Paper Co&lt;IP> and Stone Container Co &lt;STO> to raise linerboard pricescould stick, industry analysts said, citing strong demand andtight capacity. But they said rising inventories hurt the odds.    "It remains to be seen whether the increases will beaccepted, but I think the odds are better than 50-50 theywill," Mark Rogers, paper analyst for Prudential Bache said.    Mead Corp &lt;ME> and Union Camp Corp &lt;UCC> said they are alsoconsidering price increases.    Rogers, who has been aggressively recommending Stone andInternational Paper for several months, said the increasescould stick because plants are running full tilt and little newcapacity is coming on stream.    "The operating rates in linerboard are running at about 97to 98 pct of capacity, but demand continues to climb," GeneCartledge, chairman and chief executive officer of Union Campsaid "The industry is essentially sold out."    Cartledge said domestic linerboard shipments in January hitabout 1.6 mln tons, six pct higher than January 1986, whileexports hit 170,000 tons, three to four pct higher.    Nevertheless, rising inventories could nip the increase inthe bud, Lawrence Ross, forest products analyst for PaineWebber, said.    "Containerboard inventories have been growing for the pastthree months," Ross said. "Over that time inventories rose from4.8 weeks worth of supplies to 5.9 weeks most recently."    Also, Ross said that the Jacksonville, Fla., paper mill, 49pct owned by Stone, is planning to come on stream again soon,which may help alleviate some of the supply constraints. "Theplant's capacity, by itself, is about two pct of the industrytotal," Ross said.    But, Rogers said the Jacksonville mill "won't be enough" tosignificantly ease tight capacity this year. The price increaseis necessary, he said, to attract more investment.    Rates of return in the industry have been too low in recentyears to merit inventment in new capocity, Rogers said, addingthat he sees prices climbing to the 400 dlrs-a-ton range thisyear.    "The consensus on the Street is changing," he said, "fromwhether there will be increases to when is the next increaseand how much." Reuter&#3;