The World Bank over the last month repaidand refinanced 500 billion yen in loans at more favourableinterest rates in what was the first step in a plan torefinance its existing debt, Eugene Rotberg, World Bankvice-president/treasurer said.    He told Reuters in a telephone interview from Washingtonthat the moves are consistent with, but not driven by, theBank's view that interest rates have essentially bottomed outand will move higher by year-end.    Rotberg was responding to a question following news theBank would exercise its option to prepay early some 196 mlnSwiss francs of existing bonds in the Swiss franc market.    The bond redemptions are the first in the public market andmay be followed by similar moves in other capital markets ifthe Bank considers the exercise financially beneficial andconsistent with its overall funding strategy.    Rotberg noted that the World Bank is very liquid right now,with some 18 billion dlrs in cash available. The Bank will belooking at various instruments and the levels they are tradingat in determining what issues will be repaid, he said.    However, Rotberg said that unlike the yen loans, there wasno immediate plan to refinance the Swiss franc bonds, althoughthe Bank could possibly issue new debt in that market over thenext few months.    He said that the yen loans, which were the equivalent ofsome three billion dlrs principal amount, had been from theJapanese long-term credit banks, trust banks and insurancecompanies and had interest rates of between seven and nine pct.    All the borrowings were refinanced as traditionalsyndicated loans with the same parities at the Japaneselong-term prime rate, currently 5.8 pct.    The World Bank borrows in excess of 10 billion dlrs a year,with almost all its borrowings in medium and long-term fixedrate markets.    Rotberg declined to say whether the 1/4 point rise in U.S.Prime rates yesterday to 7-3/4 pct signalled a reversal in thetrend in interest rates. "Over the short term, rates could go upor they could go down," he said, adding that the bank takes alonger view on interest rates when deciding its financingstrategy. However, given the current level of interest rates,it would not be wise to take short-term money on to theliability side of the Bank's balance sheet, he said. REUTER&#3;