The Commerce Department said on thatinsurance and freight costs for imported goods of 1.45 billiondlrs were included in the February trade deficit of 15.1billion dlrs reported on Tuesday.    The department is required by law to wait 48 hours afterthe initial trade report to issue a second report on a "customsvalue" basis, which eliminates the freight and insurancecharges from the cost of imports.    Private-sector economists emphasized that the CommerceDepartment was not revising down the deficit by 1.45 billiondlrs but simply presenting the figures on a different basis.    A report in the Washington Post caused a stir in theforeign exchanges today because it gave the impression, dealerssaid, that the underlying trade deficit for February had beenrevised downward.    The Commerce department would like to have the law changedto permit it to report both sets of figures simultaneously.    "My feeling is the second one is a better report but there'slegislation that requires us to delay it two days," said RobertOrtner, Commerce undersecretary for economic affairs.    "But this has been going on for a long time and no one paysany attention to the second figure."    The 15.1 billion dlr February trade deficit compared with arevised January deficit of 12.3 billion dlrs.    The law requiring a 48-hour delay in publishing the monthlytrade figure excluding freight and insurance was passed in1979.    Reportedly the feeling was the first figure, which includescustoms, freight and insurance, allowed a better comparisonwith other countries that reported their trade balances on thesame basis.    The second figure, which would always be lower by deductingfreight and insurance, presents the deficit in a more favorablelight for the Reagan administration.    Ortner said he would like to see the law changed toeliminate the 48-hour delay in reporting the two figures.    "We're considering it," he said, "It's one of those dinosaurlaws and I think it's time has come."    The second figure, which would always be lower by deductingfreight and insurance, presents the deficit in a more favorablelight for the Reagan administration.    Ortner said he would like to see the law changed toeliminate the 48-hour delay in reporting the two figures.    "We're considering it," he said, "It's one of those dinosaurlaws and I think its time has come." Reuter&#3;