Brazil's hard-line debt stance, thoughmeeting creditor resistance, is boosting political initiativesin Latin America aimed at broadening the global strategy,regional debt officials and economic analysts say.    "Now more than ever it is clear that Latin America cannotpay, under present conditions, without sacrificing growth,"Peruvian President Alan Garcia said, referring to Brazil.    And, as debtors and creditors prepare for their annualmeeting at the Inter-American Development Bank in Miami nextweek, the region's debt crisis is clearly coming to a head.    Around 200 billion dlrs in commercial bank debt have beenrescheduled since 1983, with interest rate margins now belowone pct, multi-year accords a norm and no financial crash insight, but a lasting solution seems no nearer.    Virtually all Latin American leaders backed Brazil'ssuspension of interest payments on 68 billion dlrs of privatebank debt last month, though prospects of a chain default arestill remote.    Mexico, Colombia, Argentina and others rejected such actionand Mexican finance minister Gustavo Petricioli merely said,"Brazil is having problems we are sure will be temporary."    But Brazil's action has had an impact on other debtnegotiations, speeding agreement for Chile and Venezuela lastmonth and influencing current talks with Argentina.    Pressure for new solutions has built up on several fronts,with the Philippines joining Brazil in seeking interest reliefand Ecuador announcing force majeure on debt payments followinga serious earthquake.    Private banks are being increasingly urged to renew lendingand accept innovative repayment schemes, not only by debtorsbut also by official agencies which have stepped up their owncredit flows as part of the U.S.-inspired plan.    One Latin American debt official said he saw the Brazil andEcuadorean announcements as spurring moves by other debtors tolink debt service payments to macroeconomic indicators such asexport earnings, GDP or raw materials prices.    Despite this, debtor countries continue to accept thecase-by-case approach, and Cuba's call for a joint negotiatingfront is not being promoted by Brazil or even defended by Peru,the region's flag-bearer in unilateral payment decisions.    "Each nation must negotiate its debt independently,according to its own needs," Brazilian foreign minister Ramirode Abreu Sodre said in Caracas at the weekend.    Venezuela's rapid agreement with its creditors, soon afterBrazil's move, had been seen by the political opposition as abetrayal of debtor solidarity, but de Abreu praised theVenezuelan negotiators for achieving a favourable deal.    Argentina, Bolivia, Costa Rica and others are also pursuingnormal negotiations with creditor banks, while at the same timepressing hard for better terms, particularly lower interestrate spreads. Latin American officials say that while the debtshould be negotiated case-by-case, their governments arepromoting a general framework for talks based on growth anddevelopment priorities, lower interest payments and newfinancing.    "The Brazilian and Ecuadorean experience shows orthodoxsolutions to debt cases don't work," said a senior Peruviangovernment official responsible for debt affairs.    He saw a growing likelihood that other countries wouldfollow Peru's action in setting a 10 pct debt payment limit inthe face of trade and other factors beyond debtors' controlsuch as minimal bank lending.    These factors have contributed to a 130 billion dlr netoutflow from Latin America in the last five years, andBrazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funaro says Brazil alone paidback 45 billion dlrs in this time and received just 11 billionin loans.    Latin American debtors feel they have complied with theirside of the bargain, slashing public spending, devaluingcurrencies, cutting inflation, privatizing state enterprisesand introducing debt equity schemes.    Brazil, as the region's biggest debtor and its mostdiversified economy, has now apparently adopted the principlethat a tough position with its creditors will avoid a moreserious crisis later on.    "We are negotiating so that the debt question should not beone of continuous crisis," Funaro told a conference in Rio deJaneiro this week.billion dlr debt burden this year are slim, with coffee pricesplunging, oil prices up but still well below 1985 levels andinterest rates beginning to rise. Mexico expects one to two pct growth instead of the two tothree pct projected earlier, and inflation near 80 pct after105 pct last year.    Brazilian officials expect growth of only two pct aftereight pct last year and a 30 pct drop in the projected tradesurplus, while independent estimates put inflation at 200 pct.    Political and economic analysts in Brazil believe thepayment suspension will give new impetus to tackling theregional crisis though they expect protracted negotiations, aview echoed by senior international bank officials.    Some banks, including Citibank, Morgan Guaranty and Bank ofAmerica are already preparing to downgrade their Brazil loans.    Brazil's refusal to accept an IMF program, a condition setby many banks for new lending, meanwhile reflects the view ofmost Latin American governments that equate the Fund withrecession. But Brazil and Venezuela are the only countries inthe region to have rescheduled debt without an IMF program. REUTER&#3;