The recent fall in world sugar prices,due to increased producer pricing sales and evidence of exportavailability, has encouraged renewed buying interest from Chinaand the Soviet Union, London trade house E.D.And F. Man said.    Further purchases are expected by the Peoples Republic ofChina at the lower end of the recent price range, which shouldlimit the downside movement, it said in its latest monthlymarket report.   "And it is believed that the Soviet Union will need to returnto the market to take a further 250,000/350,000 tonnes forMay/June shipment, Man added.    The Soviets purchased five cargoes of raws for April/Mayshipment towards the end of last month, which brings its totalpurchases to around 1.65 mln tonnes, Man said.    Production estimates for the Thai crop now exceed 2.3 mlntonnes and the final outturn appears set to reach around 2.5mln tonnes. However, this upturn in the Thai crop is beingcountered by a reduction in China's production forecast to 5.3mln tonnes from 5.5 mln estimated earlier.    Market participation by Cuba suggests that its crop couldbe close to last year's 7.3 mln tonnes. But even with similarproduction Man expects Cuban exports to be significantly down.    Cuba was reported to be carrying 1.3 mln tonnes of stocksin September 1985, of which some 440,000 tonnes were used toboost its 1985/86 exports to about 6.9 mln. But as it will notbe able to draw on surplus stocks this year, Man estimatesCuba's export availabilty will be reduced to 6.4 to 6.5 mlntonnes.    However, Cuba is only one of a large number of exporterswith reduced availability, Man said.    Since 1980 the total free market export supply has fallento 18 mln from about 22 mln tonnes. But at the same time freemarket demand has also fallen by almost the same amount, whichhas left exporters chasing falling import requirements.    A fairly tight balance now appears to have emerged. But thedifficult task of keeping production advances at bay stillremains, as at least one more season of production deficit isneeded to eliminate some of the remaining surplus stocks stilloverhanging the market, Man said.    The increasing cases of record production as a result ofrecord yields and better husbandry have forced sugar producersto strive for greater efficiency.    As this increase in efficiency reduces the marginal cost ofproduction, sugar exporters may become more responsive toprices and in particular to upward price movements, Man said.    Commenting on the current row between the EC Commission andsugar producers, Man said despite the recent improvement in thelevel of restitutions, they are still insufficient to fullycompensate producers when exporting on the world market.    Unless there are further improvements, at least some sugaris expected to remain in intervention, it added. REUTER&#3;