South Africa is expected to unveiltomorrow an expansionary budget for the second consecutive yearin a bid to boost the nation's flagging economic growth rate,economic analysts said.    Faced with competing demands for increased military andpolice spending and the pressing need for more funds for blackhousing and education, Finance Minister Barend Du Plessis isexpected to raise significantly the government's overallexpenditure targets when he presents the budget to parliament,the analysts said.    Analysts expect Du Plessis to provide for a rise in statespending at least equal to the 16 pct inflation rate for thefinancial year that started on April 1, while ignoring pleasfrom the private sector to stimulate growth by cutting taxes.    "Fiscal policy has become gradually more expansionary, butsimply raising government spending and increasing the budgetdeficit is an inflationary form of stimulation," said Rob Lee,chief economist at South African Mutual Life Assurance Co.    South Africa this year is targeting inflation-adjustedgrowth in GDP of three pct against an increase last year ofless than one pct.    Growth in GDP over the past decade has averaged about 1.5pct, while the unemployment rate among blacks has spiralled toover 30 pct.    Economists estimate that the government's spending targetwill rise to about 47 billion rand, with revenue budgeted ataround 40 billion rand. This would leave a budget deficitbefore borrowing of about seven billion rand, or four pct ofGDP.    The government, having consistently overshot its ownspending targets for more than a decade, also faces acredibility crisis over expenditure figures outlined in thebudget, analysts said.    "The budget is invariably too optimistic on expenditure,"said Standard Bank Ltd in a budget preview.    Many analysts in the private sector are now paying lessattention to the figures presented in the budget and are usingtheir own estimates of expenditure to draw conclusions for themoney and capital markets.    South African Mutual's Lee believes government spendingwill again exceed the budget target and increase to around 49billion rand this year, leaving a deficit of between 5 and 5.5pct of GDP, compared with a three pct limit suggested by theIMF.    "The IMF limit is obviously going to be abandoned," predictedone analyst, noting that South Africa has moved steadily awayfrom austerity measures recommended by the IMF over the pasttwo years.    The policy shift followed a dramatic deterioration in thepolitical situation and the onset of an economic crisistriggered by the refusal of major foreign banks to roll overloans to the country in September 1985.    Against a background of Western economic sanctions, fallingper capita incomes, rising joblessness and high inflation,government officials say economic growth is the primeobjective.    But private-sector economists caution that the government'sability to promote growth by boosting state spending isconstrained by the need to maintain a large surplus on thecurrent account of the country's balance of payments.    Most of that surplus, this year estimated at around 2.5billion dlrs, will be swallowed up by repayments on thenation's estimated 23 billion dlr foreign debt in terms of anarrangement reached earlier this year with major internationalcreditor banks.    Within these constraints, economists believe Du Plessis haslittle room to manoeuvre.    Analysts argue recent rises in civil service salaries andbudgeted spending increases for the state-owned Post Office andSouth African Transport Services suggest that major taxconcessions to individuals or corporations are unlikely.    Du Plessis earlier this year announced small concessionsfor taxpayers in a mini-budget before the May 6 whites-onlyelection. The poll delayed presentation of the national budget.    "This will not be a very exciting budget," commented HarrySchwarz, spokesman on finance for the liberal ProgressiveFederal Party. "I do not expect any major tax cuts as all thesweets were given out before the election." REUTER&#3;