Tonight's American Petroleum Instituteoil inventory report is expected to show another drawdown indistillate stocks of between two and 7.5 mln barrels for theweek ending March 20, oil analysts and traders said.    They said they expect gasoline inventories to be depletedby about one to four mln barrels.    Analysts were divided on the crude stocks. Some saw stocksunchanged to as much as three mln barrels higher. Others saidstocks could be down one to five mln barrels. Crude throughputvolumes are expected to be unchanged to slightly higher orlower than the week ended March 13, traders said.    The API recorded a 7.4 mln barrel stockdraw for U.S.distillates in the week ended March 13. Analysts see another draw reflecting historic seasonal trends.    For the week ended March 13, API reported gasoline stocksdown 2.9 mln barrels.    Those expecting a draw of as much as four mln barrels saidthey are looking for fairly high consumption rates as thespring and summer driving season gets underway this year,because retail prices are still low compared to recent years.    U.S. crude oil stocks were reported down by 4.4 mln barrelsfor the week ended March 13. Analysts are divided over theoutcome for last week because there is uncertainty aboutwhether throughput levels increased or decreased last week.    Some see crude stock levels unchanged to three mln barrelshigher, while others think inventories could be as much as fivemln barrels below the previous week.    The lower estimates are supported by the belief that cruderuns increased and imports fell.    The API reported crude runs 154,000 b/d higher for the weekended March 13. Analysts are calling it unchanged to slightlyup or down for the week ended March 20.    Expectations for product stockdraws are already beingreflected in firmer prices, traders said. But if draws are atthe higher end of the estimated range, they added, the effectwill be bullish. Any stockbuild would be a negative factor,they said.    Crude runs normally increase in March, and any decrease inruns would be friendly to the market, said Peter Beutel ofElders Energy Futures Inc. Reuter&#3;