Argentina's controversial newfinancing package should be completed quickly thanks to a widerange of innovative options in the deal, said Jorge Gonzalez,undersecretary for external debt in the economics ministry.    The deal offers banks a lucrative fee if they sign earlyand an "exit bond" provision allowing banks to sell as much asfive mln dlrs of their existing loans. Gonzalez also disclosedthat banks will have the choice of lending up to one mln dlrsin the form of a bearer bond. "We expect to complete thepackage very quickly," he said in a telephone interview.    By providing their share of the 1.55 billion dlrs in newmoney being raised for Argentina via an easily tradable bearerbond instead of a participation in the syndicated loan, smallerbanks could avoid time-consuming legal paperwork.    The bonds, currently dubbed "alternative participationinstruments," would carry the same terms as the syndicated loan- a 12-year term, five years' grace and an interest rate marginof 7/8 pct over Eurodollar rates, Gonzalez said.    The idea of the "exit bond" is that a creditor bank mayexchange up to five mln dlrs of existing debt for a new,tradeable bond that bears below-market interest rates.    In return for accepting a lower yield, the amount of debtconverted will be subtracted from the bank's exposure forpurposes of calculating its contribution to future new loans.    Gonzalez said it was difficult to say how many banks wouldtake up the "exit bonds" because no such instrument has beenoffered before.    On paper, however, Argentina's lending syndicate couldshrink dramatically because over 100 of the country's 350creditors have exposure of less than five mln dlrs.    Details of the "exit bonds" are still being finalized,Gonzalez added.    Argentina has pressed hard for a streamlining of thelending process because it has bitter memories of its lastpackage, which was agreed with the Citibank-led steeringcommittee in December 1984 but not signed until August 1985.    Gonzalez praised the committee for its cooperation in thelatest negotiations and said the resulting deal, which wasannounced by the banks on Wednesday, should put Argentina onthe road to meeting its economic goals.    "We believe this is a package that will help Argentine tocontinue on the track it has elected to follow - stable growthand equilibrium in the external accounts," he said.    Asked what role the Reagan Administration had played in thefinal stages of the talks, Gonzalez said it had lent "practicalsupport."    He did not elaborate, but bankers said the U.S. had pressedfor an agreement after Economics Minister Juan Sourrouillethreatened at last week's spring meeting in Washington of theInternational Monetary Fund to break off talks unless banksstopped blocking a deal.    The specter of Argentina emulating Brazil and suspendinginterest payments haunted policymakers and bankers alike, whohave long feared the emergence of a debtors' cartel.    "That was a feeling among people on the committee," onebanker said.    As a result bankers agreed to give Argentina the sameinterest rate margin as Mexico, 13/16 pct, on the reschedulingof 30 billion dlrs of debt, even though they knew this wouldraise the ire of the Philippines and Venezuela, which paid 7/8pct on recent rescheduling packages.    Asked about the angry reaction of the Manila government,which promptly said Wednesday that it would demand a spread of13/16 pct, Gonzalez said this was a matter between thePhilippines and the banks. Reuter&#3;