Additional capital inflows of 1.5billion dlrs so far this year have boosted Mexico's reserves toabout eight billion dlrs, director of public credit AngelGurria told reporters.    Money has been coming back to Mexico because of improvedinvestor confidence and because a tight monetray policy hasforced credit-starved industries to repatriate capital. Inflowstotalled a billion dlrs in fourth-quarter 1986.    Gurria said Mexico is not accumulating reserves for thesake of it. He said its new loans will increase the pool offunds available for badly needed investment.    Once the first tranche of its new six billion dlr loan isdrawn down in the second quarter, Mexico will still only haveenough reserves to pay for imports and debt service for four orfive months, Gurria noted.    Nevertheless, Gurria said Mexico does not expect to draw onthe commercial banks' 1.2 billion dlr investment-supportcontingency facility. That money will be available until April1988 if Mexico's export receipts and the price of oil fallbelow certain levels. But Mexico failed to qualify for thefirst two drawings totalling 451 mln dlrs, and Gurria saidtoday, "We expect we'll never have to use it."    Gurria said Mexico will know by June whether it can draw onthe second contingency facility included in the bank financingpackage - a 500 mln dlr growth co-financing loan with the WorldBank.    Finance minister Gustavo Petricioli said he had signedyesterday a 250 mln dlr loan with the World Bank to support thedevelopment of exports of manufactured goods.    He also said the first 250 mln dlr tranche of a one billiondlr loan from the Japanese government to support steel, oil andexport promotion will be disbursed at the end of the month.    Mexico is also due to make the third drawing from itsInternational Monetary Fund standby credit in the next few daysbased on a successful review of end-1986 economic results.    Petricioli said Mexico is in the final stages ofdiscussions which will determine quantitative economic targetsfor 1987 which will allow it to continue to draw from the IMFfor the rest of 1987.    Petricioli reported that Mexico has so far concluded eightbilateral accords with government creditors within the ParisClub.    Sixteen governments signed the Paris Club umbrellaagreement last September, which restructured 1.8 billion dlrsof official debt, and Petricioli said he hopes to finalizepacts with the remaining eight countries in the next few weeks.    In keeping with the spirit of the September agreement, hesaid all countries from the Organization of EconomicCooperation and Development have continued to provide exportcredit facilities for Mexico, despite the debt restructuring. Reuter&#3;