The world's dependency on the Mideastas the source for its petroleum is growing and nothing is goingto stop it, Donald K. McIvor, an Exxon Corp &lt;XON> Director andsenior vice president told Reuters in an interview.    "Non-OPEC production will begin to decline and the gapbetween demand and supply will widen so that the trend toincreasing dependence on OPEC and the Middle East isinevitable," McIvor said.    Decreased supplies will firm prices for crude oil but arenot likely to change a growing dependence, McIvor said.    McIvor, Exxon's senior vice president responsible for oiland gas exploration and production said that dependence wouldresult from the Mideast's large spare capacity at a time whenthe rest of the world consumes more oil than it was finding.    "Since 1970 we've been consuming oil at rates of 20-25billion barrels per year while making new discoveries of onlyabout 10-15 bilion barrels per year," McIvor said.    "The bulk of the inventory and more than half of theremaining proved reserves lies in the middle east which isproducing at much less than current capacity," he added.    McIvor said that of the some 30,000 oil fields discoveredso far only 37 "one-one thousandth of the total number containedabout 35 pct of all the oil ever discovered."    McIvor said, in response to a question, that he did notbelieve there were any more "super giants", or oil fields withreserves greater than five billion barrels, to be found whichwould change the conclusion of the world's growing dependency.    "Of those 37 super giants only 11 lie outside the MiddleEast. Only five of the 37 have been discovered in the past 20years and only two of these lie outside the middle east(Cantarell in Mexico and Alaska's North Slope)." McIvor said.    McIvor said that many of the large fields outside the U.S.like Alaska's Prudhoe Bay and the North Sea were reaching apeak and would soon begin to decline.    But the Exxon executive said that there were still plentyof opportunities to be explored and developed outside of theMiddle east, particulartly in Canada, the North Sea, andAustralia and Africa.    McIvor said that decisions to explore and drill in thoseareas would be depedent upon both the expectations of a higherprice of oil as well as the legal regime affecting thecompanies.    "The ideal regime is a stable one not one where there is aconstant change in policies," McIvor said.    McIvor said he opposed import subsidies or tariffs used toincrease exploration as these only benefit one part of theeconomy at the expense of other parts of the economy.    Asked about the options offered this week by U.S. EnergySecretary Herrington to increase U.S. production McIvor said hecould not comment on subjects like the oil depletion allowancenow but "the thrust of his (Herrington) report is valid. It hashighlighted the growing dependency on the Middle east and theneed to increase U.S. production."    McIvor also said that he expected natural gas to play agreater role in the future in meeting energy needs.    "Natural gas will have the opportunity to become anincreasingly important part of the worlkd's energy supply,"McIvor said.    "Crude oil will be used more and more as a transportationfuel and natural gas will be used more to generate heat, as anindustrial fuel," he added. Reuter&#3;