The threatened trade war between theUnited States and Japan is just the kind of shock thateconomists say could send world stock markets into a tailspin.    But they are not so sure if that would be a briefcorrective dip, or whether this week's falling share pricesmark the start of a "bear" market.    "It's the billion dollar question," said Richard O'Brien,economist at American Express International Bank in London.    Japan's trade surplus -- 92.7 billion dlrs last year -- haspoured into share and bond markets around the world, and fundeda good chunk of the huge U.S. Budget deficit. Around a third ofany new sale of U.S. Treasury bonds has been bought by theJapanese. However, Japanese investors have lost money as thedollar falls and will lose more if the United States lets itfall further to cut the trade deficit. The counterpart ofimproving the trade deficit either through a lower dollar orbecause the U.S. Increases duties on Japanese electronic goods,may be to hit the capital inflow which has financed the budgetdeficit.   And if the U.S. Trade deficit does fall, the Japanese willhave less money to invest. To entice U.S. Investors to fill thegap that would be left if the Japanese stopped buying U.S.Bonds, interest rates would have to soar, O'Brien said. Thesubsequent shift from shares to bonds could cause major fallson the world stock markets.    "A year ago, we could be pretty confident about the markets,"said O'Brien. "Now, it is much less certain."    Buoyant share prices are supposed to reflect a boomingeconomy. But the world economy, with sluggish growth at best inthe industrial nations, a massive load of Third World debt andhuge trade imbalances is not in good shape, said O'Brien.    Nevertheless, New York analyst William Raferty, of SmithBarney Harris Upham said  "We're still in a bull market," addingthat corrections are a normal part of a rising market and "Thebear usually strikes slowly."    Economist Evelyn Brody, at Morgan Grenfell and Co inLondon, said the huge sums of money going through the worldfinancial system will keep a floor under share and bond prices.    Although interest by the Japanese in putting their money innon-dollar denominated bonds and stocks has increased it's verydifficult to see where else they can put their money than inU.S. Dollars and especially the U.S. Treasury (bond) market,according to David Butcher, a senior executive at YamaichiSecurities Co Ltd's bond operation in London.    He said the Japanese are paying much closer attention nowto the French franc and West German mark.    In the longer run, he worries about what trade tensions andthe dollar's slide will mean for securities markets. REUTER&#3;