Representatives of U.S. sugar growerorganizations said they expect some increase the area plantedto sugarbeets this year and said the prospects for the 1987cane sugar crop also are good.    Dave Carter, president of the U.S. beet sugar association,said plantings may be up in two major beet growing states,California and Michigan, while sowings could be down slightlyin the largest producing state of Minnesota.    Overall, Carter predicted beet plantings would rise in themidwest, and this coupled with increases in California wouldincrease U.S. sugarbeet plantings slightly from the 1.232 mlnacres sown last year.    USDA later today releases its first estimate of 1987 U.S.sugarbeet plantings in the prospective plantings report.    The main reason for the expected increase in beet sowingsis that returns from competing crops such as soybeans andgrains are "just awful," said Carter.    In the midwest, bankers are strongly encouraging farmers toplant sugarbeets because the U.S. sugar program offers a loanrate of 18 cents per pound and because payments to farmers frombeet processors are spread evenly over the growing season, saidLuther Markwart, executive vice president of the Americansugarbeet growers association.    "The banks are putting a lot of pressure on these guys,"Markwart said.    In some areas there are waiting lists of farmers seeking acontract with processors to plant beets, Markwart said.    USDA's report today will not include any harvested areaestimates for sugarcane, but representatives of Florida, Hawaiiand Louisiana growers said crop prospects are good.    Horis Godfrey, a consultant representing Florida and Texascane growers, said Florida cane is off to a good start  becausefor the first time in several years there was no winter freeze.Although area to be harvesteed is about the same as last year,cane production may be up in Florida this year, he said.    In Hawaii, area harvested may decline slightly this year,but likely will be offset again in 1987 by increased yields,said Eiler Ravnholt, vice president of the Hawaiian SugarPlanters Association.    The acreage planted to sugarbeets will receive more thanthe usual amount of attention this year because of mountingconcern that continued increases in domestic sugar productionthreaten the U.S. sugar program, industry sources said.    The increases in beet plantings have especially causedconcern among cane growers who have not expanded plantings,particularly in Hawaii, industry officials said.    "We haven't had a good weather year throughout the beet andcane areas in more than five years," said Godfrey, adding thatthe U.S. may be due for a good weather year.    Rep. Jerry Huckaby, D-La., chairman of the Houseagriculture subcommittee responsible for the sugar program, hasthreatened to offer legislation next year to curb domesticsweetener output if growers fail to restrain output in 1987. Reuter&#3;