U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson has told Brazil's Finance Minister Dilson Funaro thatnegotiations on Brazil's debt to commercial banks are a matterfor the commercial banks themselves, a Treasury spokesman said.    The spokesman said the Chancellor had emphasised in talksthis morning with Funaro the need for the Brazilian authoritiesto be able to present a convincing economic program to thecountry's creditors. He added an accord with the InternationalMonetary Fund (IMF) could be a very helpful support.    Brazil on February 20 suspended interest payments on 68billion dlrs of its debts to commercial banks.    Lawson's attitude was interpreted by banking sources as aclear rebuff to Brazilian hopes of obtaining officialcooperation in resolving its external debt crisis.    Funaro, accompanied by central bank president FranciscoGros, is on the first leg of a tour of European capitals in anattempt to explain to governments Brazil's indefinitesuspension of interest payments earlier this month.    Brazil has in the past rejected a substantial role for theIMF in managing its economy, arguing that an IMF austerityprogram by promoting exports and dampening domestic consumptionwould lead to recession and threaten democracy.    Funaro and Gros last week visited Washington as part oftheir trip to enlist support from governments for its attemptsto change the means by which developing countries financegrowth.    Funaro said on Saturday in Washington that Brazil would nothave suspended payment on its debt if it had received more andfaster financing from international agencies.    He said earlier today that Brazil was first approachinggovernments before talking to the commercial banks themselvesabout the interest payment moratorium "because the banks havesome limits.... It's a political discussion from our point ofview."    Funaro said on Friday that his talks with U.S. Officialshad resulted in no new financial arrangement to help resolveBrazil's debt crisis, describing the meeting as an initialcontact.    He had earlier met Federal Reserve Board Chairman PaulVolcker and U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker.    The Treasury spokesman pointed out that today's talks hadbeen at Funaro's request.    After travelling this week to France, Germany, Switzerlandand Italy, Funaro hopes to visit Canada and Japan next weekbefore starting negotiations with banks. REUTER&#3;