The Stock Exchange is virtually certainto agree to change its regulations in order to permit "whenissued" trading of U.K. Government bonds (gilts) as part of anexperimental series of bond auctions later this year, marketsources said.    "The principle that this "when issued' trading should takeplace has been accepted by the Executive Committee of theInternational Stock Exchange," said George Nissen, chairman ofthe Gilt Edged Market Makers' Association (GEMMA). "It's aquestion of how, rather than whether," he told Reuters.    The Bank of England announced in February that it planned apossible series of experimental auctions for gilts, similar tothe system used to market U.S. Treasury issues, with the firstauction possibly in April or May.     The Bank said at that stage that it was not opposed inprinciple to "when issued" trading developing in bonds in theperiod between the announcement of full details of the auctionand the auction itself, as in the U.S.    However, "when issued" trading is prohibited under the rulesof the International Stock Exchange, formerly the London StockExchange, and would require an amendment in order to proceed.    Nissen said discussions on the technical details of a rulechange to allow "when issued" trading were still taking placebetween the Government broker at the Bank of England and theQuotations Department of the Stock Exchange.    The 27 gilt-edged primary dealers regard the introductionof grey market trading as an essential feature of an auctionsystem covering part of the Government's funding needs.    "If we are going into an auction system, we need to havesome form of market test of the stock we're bidding for," saidSimon Hartnell, Head Trader at primary dealer Alexanders Laingand Cruickshank Gilts Ltd.    "The American WI (when issued) market certainly functionsvery efficiently," he said.    Nissen said he believed that if "when issued" trading werenot allowed, market-makers "would be extremely unhappy about thewhole auction."    Gilt dealers noted that it was a basic provision of StockExchange rules that dealing could not take place in a stockuntil it was listed by the Quotations Department. However, thiswas mainly designed to prevent a grey market springing up inequities prior to listing.    They pointed out that in contrast to the many uncertaintiesconnected with an issue of equity securities, there would befew imponderables relating to bonds just about to be issued bythe Bank of England.    Senior market sources noted that in any case "when issued"trading would be supervised by the Stock Exchange and would besubject to Bank of England supervisory guidelines.    Since the Bank of England and market-makers themselves areknown to be in favour of the idea, the sources said, there wasnow a presumption that there would be scope for "when issued"trading to take place.    Gilt sales now are effected by means of large-scale stocktenders or by tap issues of stock tranches direct to themarket. But greater market capitalisation following the "BigBang" restructuring last year provided an opportunity forchange.    A combination of both systems would enable the Bank tobenefit from both the flexibility offered by traditionalmarketing methods and the guarantee of a steady supply of fundsimplied by auctions.    The Bank said in a consultative document published inFebruary that possibly two or three experimental auctions mighteach raise between one to 1-1/2 billion stg.    The remainder of the funding would be conducted bytraditional tender and tap issue means. Total gross officialsales of gilt-edged stock were 11.9 billion stg in 1985/86.    Nissen said that market-makers had agreed unanimously withthe bank's view that auctions would be more easily conducted ona price basis, rather than based on yield.    He said that the odds were also in favour of adoption of abid price form of auction, where successful bidders wereallotted stock at the various prices at which they bid, ratherthan a common price allotment whereby stock was allocated atthe lowest accepted price.    Hartnell said that while a "when issued" facility was crucialto market-makers' adaptation to the new system, he would alsohave liked to see an extension to the "fallow" period proposalmade by the Bank of England.    The Bank said that it would not sell by any method stock ofthe same type as that to be auctioned between the time of theannouncement of auction details and a period ending 28 daysafter the auction itself.    Noting that in the case of long bond auctions, U.S. Primarydealers have as much as three months between successive salesof stock, Hartnell said the Bank's proposal was "very tight."    Nissen said that following a meeting between GEMMA and theBank of England on March 3, which he described as "very helpful,"GEMMA submitted a note making several further residual points.    Market-makers are now awaiting a further, fairlydefinitive, paper from the Bank which would contain details ofauction procedures. Although the Bank has not yet formallyannounced a definite intention to proceed with the auctions,most market participants assume that they will go ahead.    "My own view is that we are on course and the firstindications from the original paper - an auction at the end ofApril or in May - must be the best assumption," he said. REUTER&#3;