The possibility that a major earthquakewill strike Tokyo, causing corporate and financial ruin, hauntsthe worst nightmares of many insurers and bankers polled byReuters.    The Japanese capital is shaken by hundreds of small tremorsevery year, but last week's biq quake in western Japan, whichmeasured 6.9 on the open-ended Richter scale, was a timelyreminder that the big one could come at any time.    Another on Tuesday registering a preliminary 6.5 on thescale struck the Sea of Japan coast northwest of Tokyo.    A widely accepted theory by the late seismologist KawasumiHiroshi states that major quakes occur in cycles averaging 69years. Tokyo was last laid flat in 1923 by a tremor reading7.8, raising the spectre of another within five years.    Seismic experts at Shizuoka, one of three areas near Tokyoconsidered quake-prone, say they expect a major earthquakewithin the next few years.    Added to such fears is the fact that no developed nationhas suffered a major quake since the far-reaching changes inthe last two decades which have bound the global economy into acomplex, fragile, interdependent financial network.    "We are reaching a dangerous time. Insurance companies arestarting to worry about how to cover the large losses," saidHatsuho Narita, a manager at the British Insurance Group.    "It's a theme that has worried a lot of people. It'sdifficult to put a figure on it, but the impact on all worldmarkets would be considerable," Brian Waterhouse, a bankingexpert at brokerage James Capel in Tokyo, told Reuters.    What would happen?    Consider that Tokyo and its six surrounding prefecturesaccount for up to 40 pct of Japanese gross national product, orsome six pct of world GNP.    Some economists believe that in the immediate aftermath ofa Tokyo quake, the yen would rise against sterling because ofthe large amount of reinsurance which would fall due in London.But it would plunge against other currencies.    This would worsen the dramatic loss of value in land andassets in the Tokyo area. Banks would be left holding hundredsof billions of dollars in worthless mortgages and loans.    Bankers estimate that 50 to 70 pct of city and regionalbanks' loan exposure is to smaller business, which would mostlikely lose all in a quake. Up to nine pct of their exposure isin housing and consumer loans, they said.    Many smaller banks and some larger ones would go to thewall, bankers polled by Reuters said.    The government, aware that insurance claims would be huge,has set a payout ceiling of 10 mln yen per private house. InTokyo, 100 mln yen buys only a very modest residence.    In addition, the insurance industry has formed the JapanEarthquake Reinsurance Co to cover housing to a total of 10billion dlrs, 80 pct of it government-guaranteed.    However, insurers said the industrial sector, which has nogovernment backing, is a more dangerous risk.    Japanese insurers said they are finding it increasinglydifficult to find reinsurance abroad.    "Overseas firms are now very alert to earthquake insurancerisks," said Tahashi Kumakiri, Foreign Department head at theJapan Non-life Insurance Association.    Due to limited world insurance capacity, the FinanceMinistry recommends a coverage limit of 15 to 30 pct ofJapanese firms' total insurable value.    Even so, one insurer believes that local firms reinsure upto 80 pct of their quake cover overseas, most of it throughLloyds of London.    Some of this reinsurance is then reinsured again,compounding the risks should the money suddenly be called in.    Foreign entities in Japan are allowed 100 pct quake coverbut foreign insurers now set a limit of 60 pct.    Industrial cover is confidential but official figures showthat in fiscal 1985/86 ended March 31, Japan did about half abillion dlrs of overseas reinsurance business in fire cover,most of which is quake-related.    Bankers said the destruction of underlying assets andrepatriation of huge amounts of Japanese overseas investmentwould seriously affect overseas stock and bond markets.    Japanese institutions buy a net 10 billion dlrs or so offoreign bonds a month, much of it U.S. Treasuries, and arepurchasing more and more U.S. And European stocks. The value offoreign holdings of Japanese securities would nosedive.    Japan would need huge amounts of money over a long periodto rebuild, which would block out developing nation creditorsfrom existing capital resources, the bankers said.    Loss of central computers would mean billions in losttransactions, bankers noted.    Oil traders said crude prices would plummet as imports fellby up to half from some three mln barrels per day now. REUTER&#3;