American Telephone and Telegraph Co isanother illustration of a maxim already learned by severalother huge corporations - that success in one segment of theelectronics industry is very difficult to translate intosuccess selling computers.    ATT is learning the hard way that all the resources andtechnological advances in the world can not make up for weakmarketing and sluggish responses to one of the most rapidlychanging and competitive industries.    Consequently, ATT will try again this week to convince theworld that it is serious about computers, after four years inthe business, by announcing a set of new products andshowcasing its latest computer chief, Vittorio Cassoni,formerly of ATT's Italian affiliate Ing. C. Olivetti and Co.    Industry consultants said ATT will announce a fasteraddition to its 3B line of minicomputers, improved connectivityproducts, a new version of its Unix software operating systemand assortered peripheral equipment, including a laser printer.    The announcements, however, hold "minimal significance" forboth ATT and the industry, said Forrester Research consultantJohn McCarthy. "They are just never going to be a significantplayer in this market as long as computers play a subjagatedrole to the (telephone) network," he said.    ATT, the world's largest company before its breakup in 1984and still the pre-eminent phone company in the United States,has only been able to carve out a fractional share of thecomputer industry.    Last year was particularly disastrous for the company'sdata systems division, which posted a pre-tax operating lossfor the year of 1.2 billion dlrs (ATT as a whole reported a1986 profit of 139 mln, after a 1.7 billion dlr charge againstearnings, down from 1.56 billion dlrs the prior year).    Morale is down throughout the company after ATT reduced itswork force by 32,000 people last year, leaving a work force of290,000, but analysts say the situation in the computerdivision is particularly bad, especially since the computermerged its computer and network sales forces.    Meanwhile, the company's most successful product, the 6300personal computer, ran out of steam in the last three months ofthe year after gaining some five pct of the market.    "ATT seemed to lose their focus with the 6300," saidconsultant Norman DeWitt, president of Dataquest Inc. "Therewere no major product enhancements last year and a perceptiondeveloped in the marketplace that the product was tired."    Meanwhile, the 6300 had to face increasingly aggressivecompetition from smaller companies that undercut ATT on priceand offered more technologically advanced machines. "I wouldhave to say that, after a fast start, ATT just lost momentum onthe pc side," said DeWitt.    The 3B line of minicomputers has never found greatacceptance in the market and ATT's Unix operating system,though loved by scientists and engineers, has yet to put aserious dent in the much more widely used systems adopted byindustry giant International Business Machines Corp &lt;IBM>.    By last fall, ATT executives found themselves trying todefuse widespread speculation that ATT was going to abandon orsell off the computer division and the company turned over allresponsibility for personal computers to Olivetti, in which itsowns a 23.5 pct stake.    But analysts said the company's image was dealt anotherblow last week when ATT senior vice president James Edwards,who preceded Cassoni as head of the computer division,announced he was leaving to become president of TelWatch Inc, asmall developer of systems to manage networks.    Several other executives have also left in recent months,including John Walsh, head of the 3B minicomputer line. And,although the 43-year old Cassoni has considerable experiencerunning Olivetti's successful computer operations, analystsexpressed concern about his approach to ATT's business.    Cassoni has said he wants to acheive recognizable successin both within ATT and in the marketplace within two years andit is widely assumed that he will rapidly abandon any productthat does not meet those profitability goals.     The problem with such a strategy, analysts said, is thatit may not give certain products enough time to becomeestablished and customers may be reluctant to buy a productthat could be discontinued in a year or two.    ATT chairman James Olson took a slightly more conservativeview of the computer division recently. He lauded Cassoni's twoyear goal but said he expects the data systems division to turnaround within five years.    Olson denied the perception that ATT was retreating "to thewomb, going back to our old business" of long distancetelephone systems at the expense of the computer division. Reuter&#3;