Recent government moves to curb capitalinflow have temporarily helped to slow the rise of Taiwan'sforeign exchange reserves and to stabilise the local dollaragainst the U.S. Currency, officials and bankers said.    Central bank governor Chang Chi-Cheng told reporters thereserves rose only about 500 mln U.S. Dlrs in the past twoweeks and the local dollar appreciated more slowly against theU.S. Dollar.    Chang said, "The pace of increase in our reserves is muchslower now than before and our currency is getting more stable."He said the reserves, mainly the result of the trade surpluswith the U.S., Rose at the rate of two to three billion U.S.Dlrs a month between January and May.    The reserves, the world's third largest after Japan andWest Germany, now total well over 60 billion U.S. Dlrs.    On June 2 the central bank froze overseas borrowings oflocal and foreign banks and cut the limit on central bankpurchases of forward U.S. Dollars from banks to 40 pct from 90pct of the value of a contract.    Local and foreign bankers said the June 2 measures haddrastically limited their ability to lend foreign exchange toimporters and exporters.    They said their overseas borrowings and forward dollartransactions showed a drastic decline with some banksregistering a fall of up to 30 pct.    Bank dealers said the Taiwan dollar has stabilised againstthe U.S. Currency this week after rising two to five Taiwanesecents a day between June 2 and 13 compared with a rise of fiveto eight cents in May.    The bank dealers said the central bank, which hadpreviously bought U.S. Dollars heavily, sold at least 1.1billion U.S. Dlrs in the past two weeks to meet commercialdemand.    They said they expected the government to keep the localdollar stable in the near term to give breathing space tobusinesses experiencing slower exports because of the rise ofmore than 23 pct in the value of the Taiwan dollar sinceSeptember 1985.    The Taiwan dollar opened at 31.09 to the U.S. Dollar today,unchanged from yesterday.    Keh Fei-Lo, vice president of First Commercial Bank, said,"It appears the central bank's move to curb the capital inflowis quite successful."    Vice economic minister Wang Chien-Shien said the slowerrise in foreign exchange reserves would help ease pressure fromWashington over the large U.S. Trade deficit with Taiwan.    Over the past year Taiwanese businessmen have delayedimports of machinery and production equipment because ofexchange rate uncertainty, he said. The stable exchange ratewould help boost imports, particularly from the United States. REUTER&#3;