Opposition to government plans to imposea five pct sales tax is spreading nationwide ahead of the startof campaigning for local elections next week, politicalanalysts said.    The Asahi Shimbun said 31 of the 47 prefectural assemblieshad so far opposed, demanded amendments to, or expressedwariness about the tax. Assemblymen from the ruling LiberalDemocratic Party (LDP) have also joined the opposition againstthe tax in 11 prefectural assemblies, the daily reported.    About 2,600 elections will be held on April 12 and 26 for awide range of local posts, including 13 governors.    The sales tax is one of the main planks of Prime MinisterYasuhiro Nakasone's plan to overhaul the tax system.    A close aide to Nakasone has said the sales tax issue willhave a minimal impact on the local elections because centristparties by and large support LDP candidates in many of theraces for governors. In the assembly elections, even LDPcandidates oppose the tax, he said.    On March 8, the LDP lost an Upper House by-election in theconservative stronghold of Iwate Prefecture in northern Japanfor the first time in 25 years. The opposition socialist winnercampaigned on the single issue of the sales tax.    The surprise LDP defeat in Iwate, coupled with Nakasone'ssagging popularity, has forced the party to compromise with theopposition and agree to postpone public hearings on the fiscal1987/88 budget to March 19/20 from March 13/14.    The opposition parties have been staging recurringparliamentary boycotts to show their disapproval of the salestax contained in the budget. They returned to the Lower HouseBudget Committee last Friday but walked out again after a fewhours, demanding detailed data on the tax. But parliamentarysources said they are expected to agree in a day or two todispose of some of 29 bills the LDP will submit.    The bills include nine which will become extinct on March31 unless some action is taken, the sources said. These coversuch uncontroversial topics as wages for diplomats andrevisions of the law covering court employees.    Discussion is also expected of a provisional budget toallow the government to continue operating while debate on themain budget continues beyond the April 1 start of fiscal1987/88, the sources said. The provisional budget could coversome 50 days and include authorisation for spending on somepublic works. Otherwise, parliament will go into virtual recessuntil local elections start on April 12, they said. REUTER&#3;