The Securities and ExchangeCommission charged Allied Stores Corp with failing to promptlydisclose key steps it was taking last September to thwart atakeover attempt by Campeau Corp.    In an administrative complaint, the SEC said Allied and itslegal adviser failed to promptly inform shareholders and theagency that it had begun talks with Youngstown, Ohio, shoppingcenter developer Edward DeBartolo in response to Campeau'stakeover offer.    Campeau acquired Allied for an estimated 4.2 billion dlrson Jan 1, following a battle with DeBartolo.    On Sept 25, a day after Allied disclosed that its board hadurged rejection of Campeau's Sept 12 tender offer for 58 dlrs ashare, Allied began negotiating the sale of six shoppingcenters to DeBartolo, the SEC said.    Allied legal advisor and director George Kern, who headsthe merger and acquisitions group at the New York law firm ofSullivan and Cromwell, decided against amending Allied's SECfiling to disclose the talks even though they had resulted insales price of 405 mln dlrs for the shopping centers, it said.    Securities law requires takeover target companies topromptly disclose such things as the sale of major assets.    The day after Campeau increased its tender offer to 80 pctof Allied's stock from 55 pct and raised its bid to 66 dlrs ashare from 58 dlrs on Sept 29, Allied and a partnership headedby DeBartolo began negotiating a takeover deal aimed atthwarting Campeau, the SEC said.    Kern again decided against disclosing the talks in anamended SEC filing, the agency charged.    Allied's first disclosure of the DeBartolo takeover wasmade on Oct 8, even though its board approved the merger on Oct3 and the merger agreement was executed on Oct 7, the complaintsaid.    DeBartolo and Campeau later engaged in a bitter battle forcontrol of Allied, with Campeau winning out later in Octoberwhen it bought a block of 25.8 mln shares of Allied stock, or48 pct of the total, in a controversial move made only minutesafter it dropped its hostile tender offer.    The acquisition of the additional 48 pct, which a federaljudge allowed to be completed, gave Campeau a majority stake inAllied. Campeau bought the rest at 69 dlrs a share.    The SEC said it had planned to file a court brief joiningwith Allied in charging that Campeau had engaged in an illegaltender offer.    But the SEC brief was never filed since the case wasdropped following an agreement between Campeau and DeBartolo.    In the administrative proceeding against Allied and Kern,the SEC is asking for an administrative order that they complywith reporting provisions of securities laws in the future.    Although Allied is no longer publicly traded since itbecame a subsidiary of Campeau, it still files annual andquarterly reports to the SEC because it has outstanding debt. Reuter&#3;