The Philippines has received a 300mln dlr loan from the Japanese Export-Import Bank, PhilippineFinance Minister Jaime Ongpin told Reuters.    Ongpin said the loan, carrying interest of 5.5 pct a year,matches a 300 mln dlr economic recovery loan approved by theWorld Bank in March.    Ongpin said Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawaexpressed satisfaction at the recent rescheduling of thePhilippines' 10.3 billion dlr foreign debt during a meetinghere yesterday. The 14th yen aid package from Japan's OverseasEconomic Cooperation Fund was also discussed.    Ongpin said the Japan is expected to respond favourably toa Philippine request to raise the aid level to between 75 and80 billion yen.    The aid package, originally scheduled for Japan's 1986/87fiscal year ended March, was delayed because of thePhilippines' change of government last year.    "The Japanese have indicated we may not get as much as weare asking for in one big jump from the 13th yen package of 49billion yen," he said. "But they are likely to bring it up tothat level for the 15th package."    Ongpin said Manila had 14 projects in the pipeline for the14th yen package.    "We are trying get the 15th package mainly in the form ofuntied commodity loans," he said.    Discussion on a Philippine request for 500 mln dlrs in softloans to finance a land reform program, for which Japan isexpected to supply most of the financing, had been put offuntil next month because of delays in preparatory work.    Ongpin said he will make a strong pitch for the land reformprogram in his speech on Tuesday at the 20th annual meeting ofthe Asian Development Bank (ADB) here.    Ongpin said the Philippines is very happy about the ADB'ssupport after President Corazon Aquino took over from deposedleader Ferdinand Marcos.    "But I would like to see them push more aggressively in thefield of lending to the private sector," he said.    The Philippines was the bank's second-biggest borrowerafter Pakistan in 1986, with loans totalling 316 mln dlrs.    Ongpin said he expects ADB lending to the Philippines in1987 to reach the same level.    "They have told us they can lend us two billion dlrs if wewant. But we have to come up with the projects," he said. REUTER&#3;