Bundesbank board member Claus Koehlercalled on central banks of major industrialised nations tocooperate closely on exchange and interest rate policies.    In a lecture at the University of Surrey, pre-releasedhere, Koehler said that the only alternative to cooperation wasprotectionism and control on capital movements.    "Central banks have sufficient experience of exchange markettransactions to steer exchange rates where they want to havethem," he said. He added that West German growth forecasts wouldhave to be revised downward because of the recent dollar dropto 1.80 marks from above two marks at the start of 1987.    Koehler said that transactions on foreign exchange marketshad parted company with transactions in goods, services andinvestments. It was the scale of speculative transactions thatdetermined market trends.    Speculative inflows could cause monetary aggregates togrow. To reverse such a rise in the money stock, interest rateswould have to be lowered to allow funds to drain off.    "In other words, the monetary policy measures required aredifferent from -- and sometimes diametrically opposed to --those needed when the money stock is increasing as a result ofmounting economic activity," Koehler said.    The dollar fall was one means of reducing the massive U.S.Current account deficit. But attempts to keep the depreciationgoing by talking the dollar down posed problems.    The sharp drop of the dollar had led to an immediate steeprise in the cost of U.S. Imports and a sharp fall in the costof European imports. But the volume effect of falling importsto the U.S. And rising imports to Europe would take time tomake itself felt compared with the price effect.    "Hence the depreciation of the dollar may well be goingfurther than would be necessary to adjust the current accountover the medium term," Koehler said.    A reduction in the U.S. Current account deficit would occuronly if the growth rate of GNP was higher than domestic demand.In Japan and West Germany by contrast, domestic demand shouldrise faster than GNP.    "In Germany this did indeed happen in 1986," Koehler said.    If a further appreciation of the dollar was to beprevented, the U.S. Current account deficit could be offset byan inflow of foreign funds into the U.S..    But only if there was an appropriate interest ratedifferential would Europe and Japan look for financialinvestment in the U.S.    When selecting monetary policy instruments, a central bankhad to pay greater heed than in the past to the impact itsmeasures might have on expectations and consequent decisions.    Koehler said the Bundesbank was changing money market ratesby operating on the open market rather than adjusting leadinginterest rates because of the signal this gives to the marketand its substantial impact on exchange rates.    It was not only important to achieve the domestic goals ofprice stability, economic growth and full employment but alsoto tackle international problems like the exchange rateproblem, the debt problem and the current account problem.    A strategy had to be designed that helped "the safeguardingof non-inflationary economic growth in an internationalmonetary system largely free of disruptions," Koehler said.    Given the system of floating exchange rates, it wasnecessary for central banks to agree to intervene. It sufficedto tell the market where central banks saw exchange rates overthe next few years and intervention points should not be set,because they were only testing points for the market, he said.    In order to keep the international monetary system free ofdisruptions central banks should not only intervene jointly butalso cooperate on interest rate policies, Koehler said. REUTER&#3;