The Bank of New York Corp &lt;BK> said itreaffirmed the terms of its offer for Irving Bank Corp despitethe drop in the Bank of New York's share price to 30-1/8, aBank of New York spokesman said.    "The offer still stands, we have not changed our offer," aBank of New York spokesman said.    Irving would not comment on how the drop in the marketaffects its position on the bid or whether it would buy backany of its own shares.    Earlier this month, Irving rejected the bid as inadequateand said it wanted to retain its independence.    In late September, Bank of New York offered 80 dlrs pershare in cash for 47.4 pct of Irving. For the remaining 52.6pct, it offered an exchange of 1.9 shares of its shares for oneIrving share.    At that time, the stock purchase portion was worth close to80 dlrs per share, but now that portion is worth 53 dlrs pershare for a net price of 68 dlrs, one analyst said.    According to the prospectus offer, shareholders may tenderfor all cash or all shares on a first come, first serve basis.    Analysts were mixed about how the stock price drop wouldaffect the acquisition.    "If it gets to the Irving shareholders, they would approveit, but Irving hopes the offer won't go to the shareholders,"said Mark Alpert, banking analyst with Bear Stearns Cos Inc.    "And the market is saying the deal won't go through,"Alpert said.    "The transaction looks highly unlikely to be completed atpresent. If Irving wouldn't go with the offer at 80 dlrs ashare, then they won't go at a lower price," another analystsaid.    The analyst also doubted that Bank of New York could affordto retain its original offer.    However, industry sources were more uncertain aboutprospects for the deal.    "With Irving's price so low, Bank of New York's offer willlook good to Irving shareholders," said Michael Flores, aconsultant at Bank Earnings International, a consulting firm.    The drop of Irving's share to 44 dlrs per share, which isabout a 26 dlr drop from the beginning of last week, increasesthe chance that Bank of New York will succeed, Flores said.    Analysts said that the drop in bank stock prices is likelyto depress the level of mergers and acquisition in the bankingindustry.    "Bank takeovers are less likely because banks can't usetheir own stock to make acquisitions because their share priceis too depressed," Alpert said.    Since only banks can buy another bank, the only otherpossible acquirors would be a foreign bank, Alpert said.    "In the market drop the stock of acquirors got clobberedmore than the acquirees," another analyst said. Reuter&#3;