Leading industrial nations will meetagain next month to review their accord on currency stability,but U.S. Officials said financial markets are convinced for nowthe countries will live up to commitments to speed up economicgrowth.    The narrow currency movements of recent weeks stronglysuggests the six leading industrial countries have tamed thenormally unruly financial markets and next month's talks seemlikely to build on that stability.    A Reagan administration official said the Paris agreementlast month was the main reason markets were calm.    But he said in an interview that financial markets alsounderstood, "That all six countries concluded that the measuresto be taken over a period of time in the future should fosterstability of exchange rates around current levels. That is infact what has happened since Paris."    Monetary analysts said stability has been helped in part bythe decision of industrial nations to bury the hatchet andcease to quarrel over short-term policy objectives.    Instead they have focused on medium-term policy goals, butleft room to adjust their agreements with periodic meetings.    The official refused to comment, however, on whether theagreement included a secret pact to consider furthercoordinated interest rate cuts -- a measure industrial nationshave taken jointly several times in the past year.    On February 22, the United States, Japan, West Germany,France, Britain and Canada agreed that major currencies werewithin ranges broadly reflecting underlying economicconditions, given commitments by Washington to cut its budgetdeficit and by Toyko and Bonn to boost economic growth.    The shake-up would strengthen the U.S. Position infuture international talks.    "I think these changes will strengthen the President's handpolitically and the stronger he is politically the better offwe are with the Congress and the better off we are ininternational fora," said the official, an Administrationeconomic policymaker. "So it would be beneficial to thecontinued conduct of our initiatives."    But the official also said the Administration would resistcalls for a tax increase to cut the budget deficit -- a targetEuropeans say is crucial to help curb economic instability.    Last week, dealers said the Federal Reserve intervened tostop the dollar rising against the mark, which had breached1.86 to the dollar. British authorities are also understood tohave intervened to curb sterling's strength.    International monetary sources say finance ministers andcentral bankers, who will review market performance and theirown economic prospects, will reassemble again in Washingtonjust before the April 9 policymaking meeting of theInternational Monetary Fund.    The sources said Italy, which refused to join the Parispact, was invited back by Treasury Secretary James Baker.    Since Paris, there are signs West German growth is slowing,while U.S. Officials said they were giving Japan until April toshow that an economic stimulus package was in the offing.    Signs of concern about German prospects emerged recentlywhen Bundesbank (central bank) president Karl Otto Poehl toldbankers he would consider cutting West German interest rates ifthe Fed was ready to follow suit.    A Reagan Administration official said this would show therehad been some change in approach on the part of the centralbank in Germany.    But he declined to comment on the prospects for action bythe Fed and the Bundesbank.    "If there is such a provision it is private and if I talkedabout it, it would no longer be private," said the official, whoasked not to be identified.    Public comments by Fed officials suggest the central bankis keeping credit conditions broadly unchanged, but if themajor economies continue to show sluggish growth and the U.S.Trade deficit remains stubbornly high, further coordinatedaction could be on the April agenda. REUTER...&#3;