India's private businessmen say theyhave been placed on an unequal footing in raising money fromthe capital market because government companies are wooinginvestors by issuing more attractive tax-free bonds.    Stock brokers and bankers polled by Reuters said althoughequity shares or debenture issues floated by private firmsprovide a higher return and shorter maturity, they are fastlosing their popular appeal as they are liable to both wealthand income taxes.    Brokers said many investors are transferring funds intogovernment company bonds because of their tax-free status andeasy transferability.    About 100 private companies have postponed plans to issueequity shares and debentures in the first quarter of fiscal1987/88 partly on account of fierce competition from publicsector bonds, a merchant banker said.    They included equity shares and rights issue worth onebillion rupees planned to be issued this month by TataFertilisers Ltd, he said, adding the issue has been postponedindefinitely.    "The government bonds are making serious inroads on theprivate sector companies' resources," said R. P. Goenka,president of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce andIndustry.    "The discriminatory tax treatment should be done away withand equal facilities be provided to the two sectors to mobiliseresources from the market which is common to both," Goenka said.    A senior Finance Ministry official said government andprivate firms were free to compete to raise resources, addingit was not correct that public sector-issued bonds werepreventing private firms from raising money on the stockmarket.    "Debentures and equity shares floated by private companiesstill account for at least 60 pct of total capital raised instock exchanges," the ministry official said.    A spokesman at Bombay stock brokers Batliwala and Karanisaid government bonds were valued at about 20 billion rupees orabout 40 pct of 50 billion rupees raised by both government andnon-government firms in the domestic capital market in 1986/87.    The share was 35 to 40 pct of about 36.95 billion rupeesmobilised in 1985/86, he said. "To save taxes, commercial banks,mainly foreign banks, and some private companies, are investingtheir surplus funds in the tax free bonds," he said.    "Individuals who are very well off are also investing in thebonds to gain tax benefits while only small investors are goingfor equities or debentures floated by private companies on aselective basis," the spokesman said.    The maturity period of government company bonds variesbetween seven and 10 years. No wealth or income taxes arepayable on nine pct seven-year bonds but those carrying 13 pctinterest on 10-year bonds are subjected to income tax if interest amount^Mexceeds 7,000 rupees a year.    Equity shares, the 14 pct non-convertible debentures and12.5 to 14 pct convertible debentures issued by privatecompanies are not exempted from either the wealth tax or fromthe tax on income earned from them.    The government bonds are listed as securities but traded onIndia's four major stock exchanges. They can be sold freely onthe stock market by simple endorsement while debentures canonly be sold to the company after one year, brokers said.    Government companies are trying to capitalise on a boom inthe stock market since 1984/85 sparked by liberal taxconcessions and reforms in exchange operations, brokers said.    The National Thermal Power Corp, NTPC, was the firstgovernment company to issue the bonds to raise one billionrupees in January last year, breaking the monopoly of privatecompanies on the capital market. The seven-year NTPC bond wasoversubscribed three times, brokers said.    Official figures show bonds floated by government companieshave been heavily oversubscribed. More state companies havesought the Ministry's permission to issue them in comingmonths.    NTPC's second bond issue at the end of 1986 raised 4.51billion rupees against 1.2 billion originally permitted by theFinance Ministry.    The Mahanagar Telephone Nigam mobilised 3.83 billion rupeeslast year against authorised 1.5 billion and last month theIndian Railway Finance Corporation's record susbcriptiontotalled 5.5 billion rupees against authorised 2.5 billion.    In most cases, the government has allowed the companies tomaintain the oversubscribed amount, brokers said.    Goenka said that government bonds are making itincreasingly difficult for private companies to launch newequity or debenture issues. He said the government could atleast "fix a suitable limit on the funds to be raised throughsuch bonds by the public sector."    Merchant bankers said the government is pressing statecompanies to borrow from the public by reducing financialsupport to them.    To ease its internal debt burden, the government hasreduced the budgetary support to development investment inabout 120 public sector companies to 69.92 billion rupees in1987/88 from 77.92 billion a year earlier, official figuresshow. REUTER&#3;