Charges of public sector waste,corruption and neglect of agriculture have surfaced amid thecompliments in debates at the annual session of China'sparliament, the National People's Congress (NPC).    China's top entrepreneur Rong Yiren, chairman of the ChinaInternational Investment and Trust Corporation (CITIC), whoalso represents Shanghai in the NPC, attacked the "profit beforeeverything" mentality which he said led to theft, embezzlementand extravagant gifts and banquets.    Public criticism of policy is rare in China.    The New China News Agency quoted comments by NPC members onPremier Zhao Ziyang's draft work program for the year ahead.    The rural lobby was active. Deputies from three provincessaid Zhao was not forceful enough in tackling their problems.One said the state had cut spending on agriculture from 11 pctof total capital investment in 1979 to three or four pct today."This is incompatible with the important place occupied byagriculture," he said.    Other deputies said the state had broken promises toimprove fertiliser, oil and seed supplies to their provinces.    Although another congress member was quoted by the agencyas saying Zhao's opening speech last week was "discreet,appropriate, comprehensive and assuring," others said thegovernment had spent too much or too little.    One member, described as a person with no partyaffiliation, said people were worried about the state's budgetdeficit, projected to reach more than two billion dlrs thisyear.    "The deficit is due not only to the sharp drop in oil price,but also to lavishness and waste of funds, which should bestopped," he said.    "The National People's Congress used to be a rubber stamp,but now it is a little bit more than that," said a westerndiplomat, referring to the range of debate.    Another western diplomat said the Communist Party hadgranted a slightly greater role to the Congress in the last twoor three years and some of its members were testing out theirinfluence.    The committee's decision to strike from the agenda acontroversial plan to give greater power to management of stateenterprises and less to local party committees caused raisedeyebrows, the diplomat added.    One diplomat said Zhao's keynote speech could emerge inslightly amended form at the end of the 2-1/2 week session inthe Great Hall of the People.    She said there had been similar changes one year ago, whenthe Congress added words about the importance of ideologicaleducation and the need to help poorer provinces left behind inChina's uneven march to greater prosperity. REUTER&#3;