China's foreign debt reached 27 billiondlrs by the end of 1986, but despite an over-exposure toshort-term credits and yen borrowing, China remains verycreditworthy with an improved 1987 export outlook, foreignbankers and Chinese officials told Reuters.    Foreign bankers said China's total debt rose sharply froman estimated 20 billion dlrs at end-1985 to cover increasedimport commitments but the debt/equity ratio remains low,between eight and 10 pct.    China remains a cautious and popular borrower, they said.    Zhang Haoruo, vice minister of Foreign Economic Relationsand Trade, said last Friday that China signed foreign loanagreements for 6.94 billion dlrs last year, 96.6 pct up on1985, with actual loans amounting to 4.83 billion, up 93 pct.    Officials said China would borrow 25 to 30 billion dlrs inthe 1986-90 five year plan period, but foreign bankers saidthey estimate foreign loans at 30 to 40 billion.    A Western banker said China's portfolio contains too muchshort-term debt and too much of it is denominated in yen as aresult of aggressive lending by Japanese banks and attractivelow interest rates in the Japanese market.    The strong yen appreciation has cost China dearly and islikely to make it reduce new yen borrowings, the banker said.    A Chinese trade official estimated the yen component of thecountry's total debt at about 30 pct.    The Peking representative of a Japanese securities housesaid the rapid yen rise had caught China and his firm unawares.    "Interest rates in Japan are at a historical low, but China,which will remain an active borrower this year, is likely to goelsewhere for capital, to get a better currency spread," hesaid.    The Western banker said the excess of short-term loans isin part a result of China's inexperience in the foreign capitalmarkets, which it entered only in the early 1980s.    "Officials do not think of China but of their own departmentor firm. Some loans that were entered into did not have thefull backing of the People's Republic of China," he said.    "The dilemma for China, in foreign borrowing as in otherareas, is to balance central control with giving reasonableautonomy to firms. It is searching for the mechanisms toexercise indirect controls," he said.    The banker said officials have stressed repeatedly over thepast six weeks that China's foreign borrowing will not beaffected by a drive against "bourgeois liberalism," a phrasemeaning Western political ideas, following the dismissal ofCommunist Party chief Hu Yaobang on January 16.    A U.S. Banker said there is no evidence that China'sforeign exchange reserves have fallen below the officiallystated figure of 10 billion dlrs.    "The Bank of China is both a buyer and a seller in themarket, which would know quickly if it was buying heavily inadvance of an announcement the reserves were down," he said.    The banker said such buying has not been going on. "Thingsare normal. Trade deficits such as China had last year and in1985 are normal for a country at its stage of development."    Customs figures show China had a trade deficit of 11.9billion dlrs in 1986, down from 14 billion in 1985.    A Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade officialsaid this year's outlook for exports, which account for morethan 75 pct of foreign exchange earnings, is much healthierthan a year ago.    The renminbi has matched the U.S. Dollar fall, he said. Itwas quoted at 3.72 today, little changed from 3.7 a year ago.    The official said China has taken measures to improve itsexport performance, including incentive offers to exporters andthe establishment of export production bases.    "We expect higher prices for our oil exports this year," headded.    Official estimates put China's 1986 export losses from thedrop in world oil prices at three billion dlrs.    A Western diplomat said China's foreign debt needs carefulmanagement but its debt service ratio remains very low at sixto eight pct.    "We base our assessment not on China's foreign exchangereserves but on its export performance, just as you assess acompany on its performance, not its bank account," he said.    He said China performed very well in the export field lastyear and remains a very creditworthy country which will havefew difficulties in increasing its borrowing. REUTER&#3;