Bundesbank vice president HelmutSchlesinger said he saw no reason to lower interest rates now.    With money supply growth showing no sign of slowing down inMay and the dollar stable or even rising against the mark,Schlesinger told Reuters that he was not convinced that afurther cut in interest rates was needed.    The economy is picking up, after contracting by aseasonally adjusted 1/2 to one pct in the first quarter fromthe fourth, he added. "We may have an increase in gnp startingin the second quarter," he said in an interview.    Concerned by the first quarter downturn, the U.S. Has beenpressing West Germany to pump up its economy and boost itsimports, either through fiscal or monetary policy.    Schlesinger said the contraction in the first quarter wasmainly due to adverse weather conditions, just as occured in1986. Year-on-year growth was thus about two pct.    He estimated that economic growth for the year as a wholewould probably be between one and two pct.   "It is not a question of monetary conditions if domesticdemand does not grow strongly," he said, noting that interestrates are at historically low levels and funds are ample.    Schlesinger said he saw no signs that central bank moneystock growth was slowing down from its recent year-on-year paceof 7-1/2 to eight pct, well above the Bundesbank's three to sixpct target.    He said the target could still be achieved but much willdepend on the direction of long-term capital flows. Heavyinflows, particularly in January around the time of the EMSrevaluation, boosted domestic money supply.    "There is still a certain hope that the net inflow offoreign money can be diminished or can even be a little bitreversed," Schlesinger said.    A major reason for the inflows was the market's convictionthat the mark was headed higher. "As we can see from the market,expectations for a further revaluation of the deutschemark havediminished," Schlesinger said.    The recent widening of interest rate differentials, thefact that the dollar has fallen sharply in a very short periodand an improvement in real trade balances have all combinedtowards stabilizing the dollar, he said.    Asked if central banks might act to prevent a sharp dollarrise, as the U.S. Did in March when the dollar rose above 1.87marks, he said this would depend on the circumstances.    At midday here, the dollar stood at 1.8340/45 marks.    "Central banks are always in contact about thesefluctuations but I cannot give any answer how they would react,"Schelsinger said.    "One has to look at how it (the market) is moving," he said,adding, "It is not only our own case, it is also the Americancase."    He said that the West German export industry has been hithard by the dollar's sharp fall and would probably like to seesome correction now. "But it wouldn't be good to have short-termfluctuations," he said. "Let us wait and see."    "It is mainly the strength of the (dollar) fall in a veryshort period which was a little bit of a shock, than the level(of rates) as such," Schlesinger said.    The sharp rise of the mark, coupled with weak prices ofsuch key commodities as oil, had a favourable impact on WestGerman inflation down year.    Although there have recently been signs of inflationpicking up, he said that this was due to changes in keycommodity prices. The underlying inflation rate this year wouldbe unchanged, at about one to 1-1/2 pct, he said.    Schlesinger said the problem of rapid money supply growthwas longer term, in that the economy was building up thepotential for a possible eventual resurgence of inflation.    The above-target growth of money supply over the past 16months had prompted some discussion of the usefulness oftargets themselves, a matter which might be taken up at themid-year meeting of the Bundesbank's council, Schlesigner said.    But he added: "I don't see any great pressure to go awayfrom it." REUTER&#3;