The oil price collapse of 1986 putdevelopment of a vast petroleum resource -- heavy and extraheavy oils -- on hold. But as oil prices increase the long-termeconomic outlook is favorable, oil industry experts said.    "Estimated potential world reserves of extra heavy oilsexceed 500 billion barrels, of which more than half are locatedin Venezuela," Juan Chacin Guzman, President of Petroleos deVenezuela told the World Petroleum Congress.    "And this virtually unused resource represents a primeexample of the need to invest in technology to ensuretomorrow's energy future," he added.    Venezuela had to reduce heavy crude oil output in favor oflight oils because of economics and a very limited market. Notmany refineries have been upgraded to process the heavy oils.    "Improved technology has the potential for reducing thecapital investment and operating costs of typical heavy oildevelopment projects by 30 pct or more," Gordon Willmon, VP andgeneral manager, oil sands and coal department, Esso ResourcesCanada Ltd said at the World Petroleum Congress.    Crude oil prices fell under 10 dlrs dlrs a barrel lastsummer as OPEC members increased production to gain marketshare, but have since risen to around 18 dlrs because the  OPECproduction/pricing agreement is basically in tact.    Willmon said light and medium crude oils currently supply90 pct of world oil demand yet they account for less than 25pct of remaining petroleum resources.    "So future demand increasingly will be met from the variousforms of heavy oil," Willmon said. Heavy crude oil resourcesinclude extra-heavy oil/tar sand, natural bituminous sands andoil shales (in sedimentary rock).     Willmon cited major factors that will make heavy oildevelopment economical, including real and stable growth incrude oil prices, favorable fiscal terms, and improvedtechnology.    He said he expects "all pieces of the puzzle to fittogether." But he cautioned that the short-term outlook is verysensitive to crude oil prices. And he said the most importantfactor in development of heavy oils is the recovery of theprice of crude.    Willmon said the price of light crude must be about eightdlrs higher than heavy crude before there is an incentive foran oil company to upgrade its refinery to process heavy oil.    He said the current price differential is only about fivedlrs a barrel.    Willmon indicated that a benchmark crude oil price above 20dlrs would be ideal. But he said currently under study are abroad range of high potential cost-effective technologies forresources recovery, transportation and upgrading of heavy oils,which would permit commercial development despite a lower crudeoil price outlook.    Willmon said these technologies included enhanced recoveryby steam injection and oil-and-water emulsion to reduce theviscocity of the heavy oils so they can flow easily through apipeline. He said such technologies may substantially reducecurrent captial investment and operating costs.    But he emphasized that innovative technology alone may notencourage new investment, that oil prices need to show ameaningful and sustained recovery.   Most of the expenses associated with heavy oils productionis fixed operating costs as in an oil sands project, ratherthan in exploration, according to Robert Smith, Senior VPOperations &lt;Syncrude Canada Ltd>.    While exploration costs for conventional crude oil rangefrom four to nine dlrs a barrel, discovery costs for syntheticcrude from oil sands are nearly zero because the location andnature of the deposit are known, according to Smith.    But the remote location of oil sands deposits mean thateverything required to build and operate the plant must comefrom outside the area.    Willmon also said, "Public policy could best help byproviding financial support to offset the high cost oftechnology developmemt which would help generate projects thatcould survive even at low oil prices for extended periods oftime."    U.S. Energy Secretary John Herrington said, "The ReaganAdministration is firmly committed, without equivocation, tocontinuing our efforts to improve conditions and incentives inthe marketplace that will spur oil and gas exploration anddevelopment." Reuter&#3;