Nearly 50 manufacturers and tradegroups asked the Reagan Administration for exclusions from thetariffs it is to impose on Japanese exports Friday.    Several police agencies also told a special screening panelthey wanted a Japanese-made fingerprinting system to beexcluded because it was vital for crime-fighting.    Another 25 firms are to testify tomorrow.    President Reagan announced the tariffs on March 27 toretaliate for Japan's failure to honor an agreement to stopdumping semiconductors in world markets outside the UnitedStates at below cost and to open its own market to U.S. goods.    U.S. semiconductor makers had complained they were beinginjured by Japan's unfair trade practices.    The tariffs of 100 pct - up from about five pct - are to beapplied to 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese exports includingpower tools, television sets, computer parts and audioequipment, in addition to the fingerprinting equipment.    Reagan issued a list of several dozen products that couldbe subject to the tariffs, and businessmen, lobbyists andothers asked for the exclusions in the two days of publictestimony that began today at the Commerce Department.    He said "action should be taken in such a manner thatefforts to help the semiconductor industry do not inflictextensive economic damage on the highly successful informationtechnology industry."    A spokesman for Amdahl Corp &lt;AMH>, a computer maker, saidit would be hit hard by tariffs on Fujitsu Ltd equipmentbecause Fujitsu was its only supplier of key electroniccomponents.    Makita U.S.A., Inc, a maker of hand-held electric powertools, said if tariffs were imposed on its goods it would haveto close its U.S. manufacturing operation in Buford, Ga., andlayoff its entire U.S. workforce of 600 people.    The U.S. Trade Representative's Office, which is conductingthe hearings, said the products to be assessed the highertariffs will be made public on Thursday or Friday.    It said it would base its judgment on the impact of thetariffs on the companies hit as well as on the buying public.    Some of the tariffs would double the price of imports.    Law officers from California, Illinois, Alaska andelsewhere said they relied on NEC Corp of Japan's advancedfingerprinting system and asked it be exempt from the newtariffs.    Fred Wynbrandt, representing the California attorneygeneral's office, said the tariffs would double Californiastate and local costs for fingerprinting operations.    Many of those testifying backed the idea of retaliatorytariffs but not on some goods that would hit their business.    Vico Henriques, president of the Computer and BusinessEquipment Manufacturers Association, called for exemptions forcomponents that U.S. firms bought in Japan and for goods madein Japan under a U.S. license or by a joint venture. more&#3;