Boeing Co is attempting to recreatemoney-losing de Havilland Aircraft of Canada Ltd in its ownimage.    But it is a process that will be complex and, because thecompany was in worse shape than expected, time-consuming,according to de Havilland president Ron Woodard.    Yet Woodard, a former Boeing executive, believes themakeover is absolutely essential to revitalize the historiccompany Boeing bought from the Canadian government a year ago.    "These are very complex, deep problems that you don't changeovernight," Woodard told Reuters in an interview as he outlinedhis vision of transforming de Havilland into a diversifiedmanufacturer and an important cog in Boeing's worldwideoperations.    "We've got to get our house in order. We've got to get lotsof Boeing (sub-contract) work in here and we've got to getBoeing's systems in here and just get to be part of theworldwide support system."    But based on de Havilland's turbulent flight path in recentyears, the task will also not be easy.    Formed in 1928 as an offshoot of the British operationstarted by Geoffrey de Havilland, the company has turned out avariety of small aircraft. During World War II it produced theunique wooden Mosquito bomber for the Allied Command.    In the postwar years that de Havilland became renownedinternationally for its rugged bush planes.    Canada's Liberal government, interested in developing deHavilland's STOL (Short Take Off and Landing) technology,acquired the firm in 1974 and poured 830 mln Canadian dlrs intoit over a dozen years, helping to develop the 50-seat Dash 7and 39-seat Dash 8 commuter aircraft.    Amid accusations of a sellout, the pro-businessConservative government sold the company to Boeing in 1986 for90 mln Canadian dlrs, or less than the price of one of Boeing's747s.    Woodard believes de Havilland, which has not made a profitsince 1982, suffered from neglect under government control. Itwas also in worse condition than anticipated, andthe company has approached Ottawa for compensation for what itbelieves were unexpected shortcomings at the plant.    "We found to our shock, to our surprise, last August we hadvery serious health and safety regulation violations," saidWoodard.    Although he would not divulge how much is being sought,Woodard said it would be in excess of the 10 mln Canadian dlrsalready spent on replacing the plant's outmoded ventilationsystem.    Yet Woodard is optimistic that once Boeing's manufacturingsystems are in place, the company can begin delivering planeson time and at a profit -- possibly within a year and a half.    "We've got a great product and if we can get everyoneheading the same way we're just going to eat the rest of theworld," Woodard predicted.    Company officials said production of the 6-mln-U.S.-dlr Dash 8 has been doubled to four a month and they hope to reachsix a month by year end.    Some 63 Dash 8s are on order and there are options for thepurchase of another 27. For the brand new "stretch" or extendedversion of the plane, 23 have been ordered and 11 are underoption.    Woodard said that while de Havilland has a commanding gripon the North American commuter market, which has been boomingunder airline deregulation, the company has only a 30 pctmarket share worldwide.    "I'd like to see us make some overseas penetrations. Thereare a lot of places now where people are starting toderegulate. I think the next big, big growth area is probablyEurope," he said.    De Havilland now has 5,500 employees, up from 4,300 whenBoeing bought the company. All manufacturing is located at itsDownsview Airport site in Toronto. Reuter&#3;