Recent slackness on Dutch capitalmarkets has led some bankers to question the Central Bank'spolicy of pegging the guilder firmly to the West German markand to ask for more flexiblility in exchange rate policy.    While agreeing with the Bank's commitment to defend theguilder strongly, some bankers want the Bank to make more useof the range within which the guilder and the mark canfluctuate against each other in the European Monetary System(EMS).    Roelof Nelissen, chairman of Amsterdam-Rotterdam Bank NV(Amro) said the Central Bank's policy was overcautious.    "I would like to suggest that the Bank use more freely therange given to the guilder in the EMS," Nelissen said at thepresentation of Amro's 1986 annual report last week.    Within the EMS, the mark is allowed to fluctuate againstthe guilder between 110.1675 and 115.235 guilders per 100.    The Central Bank maintains a stricter policy and tries tokeep the mark below the 113.00 guilders per 100. It regards astable exchange rate as its main target, using interest ratepolicies to influence the exchange rate.    The preference of exchange rate goals above interest rateaims goes almost undisputed in the Netherlands.    Critics say the Bank keeps the reins unnecessarily short.    Rabobank Nederland said in its latest economic bulletin: "Bymaintaining the 113.00 limit, the Central Bank raises theexpectation it will always intervene above that level. If itsuddenly needs more flexibility it will find it very hard toobtain."    Amro's Nelissen said relatively small changes in interestrates and exchange rates could cause substantial flows ofsecurities business and sharp fluctuations on the Dutch capitalmarket. Large interest rate changes were often needed to bringabout small changes in the guilder/mark exchange rate, headded.    Unlike Amro, Algemene Bank Nederland NV (ABN) says this isa price the Dutch have to pay. It fully agrees with the CentralBank's policy, director-general Julien Geertsema told Reuters,noting a 1983 decision not to revalue the guilder fully withthe mark in the EMS hurt confidence in the Dutch currency.    "It is a pity we need such a wide interest rate differencebetween West Germany to maintain the exchange rate," he added.    Interest rate differentials between West Germany and theNetherlands are the main factors that trigger capital flowsbetween the two countries, as the economic performance of thetwo does not differ much, economists said.    Data on 1986 capital flows between West Germany and theNetherlands have not yet been released, but in 1985 theyaccounted for only 10 pct of total trade flows between the twocountries, put at 110 billion guilders for 1986 by theDutch-German Chamber of Commerce earlier this month.    Economists say capital flows are more sensitive to interestand exchange rates.    West Germany is the Netherlands' largest single tradingpartner, taking 28 pct of Dutch exports and providing 26 pct ofimports in the last quarter of 1986, Central Bureau ofStatistics figures show.    At the moment, the rates for three month euromark depositstrade around 4.0 pct while the same deposits in guilders have arate of around 5-7/16 pct.    Amro bank argues that the Dutch real interest rate willeven rise further because of expectations of deflation here in1987, contrasting with slight inflation in West Germany.    In the Netherlands, the cost of living is expected todecrease by 1.5 pct at a GNP growth rate of two pct, the DutchCentral Planning Agency said in its 1987 forecast last month.German GNP is seen rising by two to 2.5 pct, but with inflationbetween zero and 1.0 pct, according to most German forecasts.    But despite this upward push on real Dutch rates, moneydealers do not expect the Central Bank to cut official ratesindependently without prior moves by the Bundesbank.    Following the West German interest rate cuts on January 22,the Dutch Central Bank did not lower its rates but set a 0.5pct lower tariff for special advances and abandoned its creditsurcharge. Most traders were surprised by this move as they hadexpected the Bank to follow suit unconditionally, they said.    The Bank said it lowered the rate with the largest impacton the money market as far as the exchange rate permitted.    While not entirely unsympathetic to critics of itspolicies, the Central Bank keeps its grip firm and the rangenarrow.    "The European Monetary System is not only a relationshipbetween the guilder and the mark. Many times widening of themargin between the two would implicate we have to buy or selllarge amounts of a third currency," Central Bank vice-directorJan-Hendrik Du Marchie Sarvaas said.    "If we allowed the guilder to become a little cheaper, themarkets would start to believe it was weak. We don't want that.We want to make clear that the guilder is just as strong as themark," he said. REUTER&#3;