Allegis Corp may file its plan ofrecapitalization with the Securities and Exchange Commissionlater this week, a company spokesman said.    The spokesman also said the company has no comment onConiston Partners plan to carry out its solicitation ofconsents from shareholders to remove Allegis directors.    Coniston proposes replacing the board of directors with itsown candidates and then selling off one or more units ofAllegis. Allegis, apparently in response to takeover activity,announced a sweeping recapitalization plan, which will giveshareholders 60 dlrs per share.    Allegis shares came under pressure from institutionalselling today. The stock slipped 1-3/8 to 85-1/8 on volume ofmore than 1.6 mln shares. Traders said there was alsoarbitrage-related buying.    PaineWebber Group analyst Edward Starkman said institutionsand other long-term holders may want to cash in their gainsinstead of waiting for the company's special dividend, whichwould be taxed at a higher rate. The recapitalization issubject to shareholder and other approvals.    Starkman said he believes Coniston may still have a chanceto win the battle for control of Allegis' board room, despitethe recapitalization plan.    Coniston Partners would not comment on the recapitalizationplan.    "We said a week ago, and we say it again today that the wayto maximize value for shareholders is to see these companiestraded as independent companies," said Keith Gollust, one ofthe partners.    Allegis owns United Air Lines, Hertz rental cars, andWestin and Hilton International hotels.    Allegis' recapitalization plan does not entail the sale ofany of those businesses, which its management claims arenecessary to its travel services strategy. The recapitalizationplan would add three billion dlrs in debt to its balance sheet.    Some Wall Street analysts believe such a move could berisky since the airline, as well as other travel businesses,are dependant on the strength of the economy.    "They've become sort of a super cyclical company," Starkmansaid. The hotels and car rental business represents "nodiversification. It just makes it worse."    Traders and analysts who believe Coniston's effort may havea chance believe that Allegis management is not givingshareholders full value. After receiving the dividend,shareholders will still hold their stock. Arbitragers andanalysts valued the recapitalization in the upper 80s to 100dlrs per share.    Breakup values for the company estimated on Wall Streetexceed 110 dlrs per share. Reuter&#3;