Pressure is growing in the financialmarkets for the U.S. to take overt action to stabilize thedollar even though doubts linger that it has fallen far enoughto help redress world trade imbalances, economists and dealerssaid.    Some experts believe that a half-point increase in the U.S.discount rate, preferably in conjunction with rate cuts inTokyo and Bonn, would be enough to discourage sellers.    But many fear that more drastic action, such as a U.S.issue of yen-denominated Treasury bonds, may be needed.    Despite official warnings about the dangers of a furtherdollar decline and concerted central bank intervention, thedollar extended its recent sharp depreciation, touching a40-year low of 137.25 yen in Tokyo earlier today after closinghere on Friday at 139.30/40.    The impact on other financial markets was devastating.    In Tokyo, the stock market suffered its largest single daydecline; in London, gold bullion prices rose to four-year highsand in the U.S., long Treasury bond yields surged above 8.80pct and the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more than 40points in hectic early trading.    "The problem now is linkage. This is not just a currencyproblem. It is affecting all the markets," said one seniortrader at a major U.S. bank.    Up until September of last year, international efforts toredress world trade imbalances appeared to working like adream; the dollar was falling in an orderly manner, worldinterest rates were tumbling and inflation was kept in check.    In recent months, however, this strategy has begun to showsigns of severe stress, with the U.S. imposition of punitivetariffs on Japan threatening to unravel this spirit ofcooperating and condemn the world to a damaging trade war.    "The markets fear that we have built up a momentum that isreally difficult to stop. A U.S. rate hike has become aninevitability," one currency dealer said.    "At this point, nothing short of a Fed discount rateincrease, ideally combined with further discount rate cuts byJapan and Germany, would seem capable of stabilizing thedollar," said David Jones of Aubrey G. Lanston and Co Inc.    Allen Sinai of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc predicted a 1/4to 1/2 point U.S. rate increase before May 19 and a rise inU.S. bank prime lending rates to eight pct from 7-3/4 pct inthe near future.    But many economists feared that any moderate U.S. rateincreases, which appear unlikely to be matched by rate cutsoverseas, would be too little, too late.    "They should have done this 10 days ago. It would have donethe trick then," said one currency analyst.    "If they do it now, it would be seen as a defensive measurenot an offensive one. It would show policy weakness notstrength," added one trader.    In addition, economists fear that a discount rate risemight place additional strain on a sluggish U.S. economy andtempt embattled debtor nations to retaliate.    A U.S. discount rate increase would also fuel theprotectionist fires in Washington, where the House is expectedto pass a protectionist trade bill, whatever compromisesPresident Reagan and Prime Minister Nakasone can come up withduring their summit later in the week.    "Politically, they can't really do it this week," said onecurrency analyst, pointing out that if it failed to stabilizethe dollar, it would only weaken the U.S. negotiating stance.    Even if the U.S. retains the upper hand, economists andtraders do not hold out high hopes for any major newinitiatives from this week's talks.    At best, the experts see some sort of accord whereby Japanwill agree to stimulate growth and open its domestic markets tooutsiders while the U.S. promises to lift its tariffs andsupport the Group of Seven dollar stabilization agreement.    But many fear that this may not be enough to assuage themarket's speculative selling fervor, which has now raised fearsof weak overseas interest at next week's quarterly U.S.Treasury refunding program.    Japanese and European investors have traditionally playedan active role in these auctions, which are expected to total28 to 29 billion dlrs.    Consequently, thoughts are turning to the possibility thatPresident Reagan may try to remove foreign investors' worriesabout currency risk by financing part of the U.S. budgetdeficit in yen or mark bonds, rather than dollars.    While similar action by former President Carter helped tostabilize the dollar in 1978, the White House is clearlyreluctant to take such a step, economists said.    This hesitance was amply shown last Friday when U.S.Treasury Secretary James Baker said, "there might well be somewho would view (yen-denominated bonds) as a lack of confidenceby the U.S. in its own currency."    Baker added, "therefore we don't think it's an appropriatething to do."    A foreign exchange analyst at a major Japanese bank hereshared Baker's doubts. "Dollar defending measures are veryunlikely. They will confirm the dollar's weak undertone andlead to further speculative dollar selling," he said.    Thus, it may be less destabilizing for the authorities tostop trying to fight the market's bearish sentiment.    In a recent lengthy report, economists at Morgan GuarantyTrust Co concluded, "the dollar should be left free to trade atwhatever level market forces produce." Reuter&#3;