Hughes Tool Co said its board hasappointed a committee to search for a chief operating officerin the event that it does not complete its merger with BakerInternational Corp &lt;BKO>.    Last night, Hughes directors said it would terminate itsagreement to merge with Baker because Baker would only proceedif Hughes signed a consent decree with the U.S. JusticeDepartment that the Hughes board had determined to beunreasonable.    The post of chief operating officer is now vacant atHughes.  Chairman W.A. Kistler Jr. is chief executive officer.    Hughes said it proposed to Baker that the companies ask theJustice Department to allow them to proceed with the merger oncondition that they find a buyer approved by the  Departmentfor the domestic oilfield tricine rock bit assets of Baker'sReed subsidiary, its Singapore plant and Baker Lift's domesticelectrical submersible pump business by April 22, the last datethe merger of Baker and Hughes could occur under theiragreement.    Hughes said its proposal would have been conditioned on itnot being required to license the purchaser with any Hughestechnology and on the imposition of no more adverse conditions.    Hughes said "For reasons Hughes does not fully understand,Baker declined to proceed in this fashion and insisted that itwould proceed only if Hughes signed the consent decree."    The company said its board found the consent decree to beunreasonable because some "unusual terms" in the decree posed asubstantial risk that control of the divestiture of Reed wouldbe passed to a trustee owing no duties to the shareholders ofthe combined company, which would have been called Baker HughesInc, and would include all of Reed's international assets andits coring and diamond bit assets.    Hughes said the board also found unacceptable the consentdecree condition that the merged company fund ongoing losses ofReed and Reed capital expenditures for as long as it took tosell Reed.    The company said the board decision to adopt its owndivestiture plan and terminate the merger agreement if Bakerdid not accept was unanimous. Reuter&#3;