Brazil today suggested to its foreignbank creditors an extension of short-term credit lines for 60days until May 31, a spokesman for the Central Bank said.    He said that with the move, called a "standstill"arrangement, Brazil was only trying to avoid difficulties topay its 109 billion dlrs debt in the future.    The spokesman told Reuters that Brazil's suggestion will becommunicated by telex to Brazil's 700 bank creditors.    The spokesman declined to give details of what was includedin the statement, but said Central Bank president FranciscoGros was seeking a 60-day extension of the short-term creditlines from its commercial bank creditors.    The amount of these credit lines totals 15 billion dollars,and deadline for payment is set for March 31.    Finance Minister Dilson Funaro said in a televisioninterview it was "absolutely important" for Brazil and itscreditors to renew the short-term credit lines, as Brazil mustfinance its exports.    "If these credit lines were cut, we would face difficultiesto honour our foreign debt in the future," Funaro said.    "There is evidently a common interest in the matter," he said.    Funaro said, however, he was told creditors understandBrazil's position and do not wish to turn the negotiation forthe renewal of the credit lines more difficult.    Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68-billion dlrs debt to commercial banks and froze short-termtrade and money market lines.    He said Brazil's suggestion is part of its demands "beforethe need to renew the mechanisms of loans in the world."    Funaro said currently debt negotiations are "very complexand complicated," mentioning cases of countries which had towait some 10 months before getting a reply from creditors.    "We are not interested in confrontation, but we would likethe loan mechanisms to show that the crisis belongs to bothsides," Funaro said.    Funaro denied rumours that he had offered his resignationto President Jose Sarney.    "Who decides whether to keep or dismiss his ministers is thepresident. Everything else is nothing but speculation," he said. Reuter&#3;