Some OPEC states are unhappy about theprices assigned to their crude oil but this should not posegreat problems when the group reviews its six-month-old priceand output pact in Vienna next week, oil analysts say.    They said Nigeria, which holds the OPEC conferencepresidency, and Qatar probably have the biggest grievancesabout price differentials making some of their crudesuncompetitive.    There has also been speculation by Japanese traders thatOPEC might want to mark up prices of high-sulphur heavy crudes,to correspond with greater demand and higher fuel oil prices.    But most experts agree that a major overhaul of pricedifferentials is unlikely, so as to avoid giving the marketsignals of a dent in OPEC's new unity.    "All OPEC members can make a good case for changingdifferentials," said one analyst with a major oil company. "Butat the end of the day, the attitude is going to be "leave wellalone' and little or nothing is likely to be altered."    Iran, Libya and Saudi Arabia are among those who also sawsales problems earlier this year, traders say. But diminishedcustomer resistance to fixed prices and, in some cases,marketing incentives have helped their sales.    Some producers can sell uncompetitively priced crudes bymeans of discounts, processing deals or selling them alongsidebetter priced grades in a "package."    Many OPEC crudes are seen to be reasonably priced, at leastfor some part of the year. But many experts say OPEC shouldchange prices quarterly or monthly to match seasonal demand forfuel oil-rich heavy crudes and gasoline-rich lighter grades. Atits last meeting in December, OPEC agreed to reintroduce fixedprices from February 1 around an 18 dlr per barrel referencepoint. Official prices had been effectively dropped in 1985when members offered discounts to attract customers.    OPEC also decided to limit first-half 1987 output to 15.8mln bpd and proposed ceilings of 16.6 mln for the third quarterand 18.3 mln for the fourth. Analysts expect it will now extendor raise slightly the current ceiling for the coming months.    Spot market and netback values for some crudes do notmirror official prices, but OPEC will probably keep the 18 dlrtarget and at most make minimal changes to differentials,analysts say.    The 18 dlr figure is based on a basket of six OPEC and onenon-OPEC crudes. OPEC assigned prices to its other key exportcrudes, with a 2.65 dlr gap between the heaviest and lightest.Extra heavy crudes were among those left out.    Industry estimates vary on the proportion of OPEC oilexports actually sold at official prices. Several experts sayonly one-quarter to one-third of the total in fact sells atofficial prices, with some of the rest included in processingor barter deals or sold in the form of refined products.    Problems with the new structure appeared earlier this year,when some producers' output fell due to customer reluctance topay the new prices.   Nigeria especially found its gasoline-rich Bonny Light crude-- now OPEC's highest priced grade at 18.92 dlrs a barrel --was uncompetitive on the spot market against Britain's Brent.    In February and March, Nigeria's production shrank belowits 1.238 mln bpd OPEC quota. Spot prices have since revived,due partly to seasonal demand for gasoline, and its output hasrisen.    Some experts feel Bonny Light is still overvalued and sayits price should be cut by between 50 cts to one dlr a barrel.    But Mehdi Varzi, chief oil analyst with London's KleinwortGrieveson Securities, doubts Nigeria will actively push thedifferentials question in Vienna.    "It would not look good for OPEC unity if Nigeria, whichholds the presidency, raised the issue," he said. REUTER&#3;