Sudan will find it difficult to meetscheduled debt repayments over the next five years, FinanceMinister Beshir Omer has told parliament..    He said Sudan's foreign debt rose to 10.6 billion dlrs atthe end of last year, an increase of 300 mln from 1985.    Omer said it "will be difficult, if not impossible" for Sudanto pay a scheduled 4.17 billion dlrs in principal and interestpayments over the next five years.    He said Sudan had reached agreement with the Soviet Unionand its East European allies to service half of its debts tothem in commodities, with the rest in hard currency.    Western diplomatic and official sources in Khartoum say 32pct of Sudan's total foreign debt is to the Soviet Union, theEastern bloc and Arab countries.    Sudan is 450 to 500 mln dlrs in arrears to theInternational Monetary Fund (IMF), which last year declared itineligible for fresh loans.    The sources said Sudan, hit by a slump in export earningsand remittances from expatriate workers, had an annual debtliability of nearly 900 mln dlrs but set aside only some 200mln dlrs to service debts in the fiscal year ending next June30.    Sudan, its Treasury depleted by nearly four years of civilwar in the south and the aftermath of the devastating 1984-85drought, has a budget deficit of 2.86 billion pounds thisfiscal year.    Diplomatic and official sources said Sudan was now onlyservicing debts owed to creditors bound by regulations banningthem from extending fresh loans to recipients in arrears.    They said these included the U.S. Agency for InternationalDevelopment, the World Bank and its soft loan affiliate, theInternational Development Agency.    Sudan reached a framework rescheduling agreement in 1984with Western government creditors of the Paris Club.    The sources said this pact was to have been followed bybilateral agreements, but fell through when Khartoum becameunable to service debts in 1985.    A Bank of Sudan (Central Bank) spokesman said last monthKhartoum was negotiating a freeze on interest payments withcommercial banks, owed about two billion dlrs.    Sudan has not received fresh loans since 1985 and thesources said it was only getting grants at present. Hopes thatforeign aid would finance 780 mln dlrs  of the 1.14 billion dlrbudget deficit have been dashed, they added.    Sudanese officials said Prime Minister Sadeq al-Mahdi'sgovernment would shortly announce a four-year economic planaimed at starting the country's recovery.    Details of the plan have not been made public. But thesources said it would be geared to generate agriculturalexports and would need a substantial injection of fresh loansthat Sudan hoped to receive from Gulf Arab states. REUTER&#3;