Shares of Glaxo Holdings PLC fellfollowing a report in today's New England Journal of Medicinethat antibiotics may be able to treat ulcers, threatening Glaxo's billion dlr antiulcer drug Zantac, analysts said.    Glaxo's was trading at 27-7/8, off 1/2, on volume of1,786,800 shares. Shares of SmithKline Beckman &lt;SKB>, maker ofthe popular anti-ulcer drug Tagamet, also fell 7/8 to 60-1/4.    "Anything that raises the possiblity of an entirely newtherapy for ulcers would attack the core of Glaxo's worldwidebusiness, which is Zantac," said David MacCallum, an analystwho follows Glaxo for Hambrecht and Quist.       Zantac is the world's most prescribed drug with annualsales of over one billion dollars, accounting for almost 75 pctof Glaxo's earnings, said MacCallum.    "If there is any perception that Zantac is not the therapyof choice for ulcers, Glaxo's sales and profits could decline,"said Tina Rizopuolos, an analyst with Alexanders Laing andOr'kshnk.    Rizopuolos said the New England Journal article, led by aUniversity of Toronto researcher, concludes from a study of 71children with gastric disease that bacteria could causegastritis and ulcers.       In an editorial in the same issue of the medical journal,Richard Hornick of the University of Rochester School ofMedicine, reviewed studies using antibiotics to treat ulcers.Rizopuolos said Hornick concludes that the bacteria ulcerrelationship is "exciting and intriguing," but further studiesare needed to show a direct causal effect.    Ulcers happen when the stomach's protective lining erodesand is exposed to underlying inflamed tissue, but it is unknownwhat actually causes the process.   It is known that stomach acids exacerbate ulcers and thereforeantacids were commonly used to alleviate ulcers before Tagametand Zantac came along. Both of these drugs prevent the releaseof the hormone histamine in the stomach, which triggers acidsecretion.    "I don't think people should run out and sell Glaxo," saidanalyst Rizopuolos. "It will take a long time to displaceTagamet and Zantac...those drugs are going to be prescribed byphysicians for a long time," she added.    Reuter&#3;