An investor group said it might bewilling to raise its 100 dlr per share offer for GenCorp but sofar the company has turned down requests for a meeting.    "We might be able to see some additional value if we couldmeet" and get more financial data, said Joel Reed, speaking forthe investor group.    Reed told Reuters that GenCorp chairman A. William Reynolds"was not interested in sitting down and talking with us at thistime." Cyril Wagner sought the meeting in a recent telephoneconversation with Reynolds, Reed said.    Wagner and Brown, along with AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG>,recently launched a surprise tender offer for GenCorp. Theoffer is worth 2.23 billion dlrs.    Reed said under the circumstances the 100 dlr per sharetender offer, which expires April 15, is a fair offer. GenCorpgained 3-1/2 to 114 today on the NYSE.    Reed outlined a plan to reshape GenCorp in the event hisgroup wins control. He said aerospace, soft drink bottling andentertainment units are potential divestiture candidates. Hesaid the tire business, which the group wants to keep, may bemore viable if merged with another tire company.    "One option would be to try to grow the tire businessthrough combination or an acquisition," Reed said. He said hebelieves such a merger could create a stronger force in thetire industry.    Gary Miller, chief financial officer of AFG, said hiscompany has a record of acquiring mature businesses andboosting productivity. Automation and incentives tied to profitsharing have been used with success, he said.    In the case of GenCorp's RKO General broadcasting stations,Reed said the plan of the partners is to step into GenCorp'sshoes and proceed with plans to  sell the stations.    The partners said if they succed in acquiring GenCorp theyintend to consummate sale of WOR-TV in New York to MCA Inc&lt;MCA>. GenCorp last year entered into an agreement to sell thestation for 387 mln dlrs.    The partners also said if they acquire Gencorp they wouldalso proceed with the proposed sale of KHJ-TV in Los Angeles toWalt Disney Co &lt;DIS>. RKO General would receive 217 mln dlrsand Fidelilty Television, which challenged the license, wouldget about 103 mln dlrs.    The partners also said the Federal CommunicationsCommission established an expedited schedule for receivingcomments on their request for special temporary authorizationof proposed trust arrangements while the FCC considers a formalapplication for transfer of the broadcast unit.    Reed said he was pleased with the expedited schedulebecause it provides time for the agency to act on the requestbefore the expiration of the tender offer.    He said it was the aim of the partners to move as quicklyas possible to eliminate uncertainty surrounding the stations.    Asked about criticism of the takeover attempt voiced bysome municipal officials in Akron, Ohio, where GenCorp isheadquartered, Reed said, "the plan of the partners offers longterm growth for Ohio."    He noted that the aerospace business, slated fordivestiture under the partners' plan, is located in California."Our program is one that overall would provide the greatestlong term growth for all segments," he said. Reuter&#3;