Proposals for a secondary market forthe resale of farm real estate loans similar to home mortgagemarkets is gaining support in Congress and among rural lendersand could be established this year, Congressional and financialsources said.    Several bills which would establish a farm secondary markethave been introduced in both the House and Senate. Furthermore,Representatives of the Farm Credit System, commercial bankersand life insurance companies are meeting in an attempt to agreeon a method of establishing the market.    Frank Naylor, chairman of the Farm Credit Administration(FCA), which regulates the farm credit system, yesterday said afarm loan secondary market would be positive for agriculture"as long as the farm credit system is a key player."    Naylor told a House Agriculture subcommittee hearing thesecondary market could be established either with Congressionallegislation or administratively.    Any farm loan secondary market would be modeled after thesuccessful resale markets in home mortgages, the GovernmentNational Mortgage Association (GNMA) and the Federal Home LoanMortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), industry sources said.    Commercial banks and life insurance companies are the mainsupporters of a farm loan secondary market because they believeit would allow private lenders to compete more effectively inrural lending with the quasi-government farm credit system,traditionally the largest lender to farmers.    A farm secondary market would allow lenders to sellhigh-quality loans on farmland to "poolers" who in turn wouldpackage the loans and issue farm mortgage-backed securities forresale to investors-- called Aggie-mae by some supporters.    However, the FCA and financially-troubled farm creditsystem have in the past been ambivalent about the idea.    The ambivalence is because any farm secondary marketestablished in the private sector that excluded the farm creditsystem would put the system at a competitive disadvantage. Thatcould be a financial blow to the system, which has lost 4.6billion dlrs in two years, Naylor and farm credit systemofficials have said.    A study commissioned by one of the main supporters of thesecondary market idea, the American Council of Life Insurers,concludes the farm credit system's market share in rurallending would fall if a secondary market were established. Thestudy was released earlier today. Reuter&#3;