China's Finance Minister Wang Bingqianwill report a 1986 budget deficit of up to nine billion yuanand prescribe austerity measures for 1987 in a budget speech onThursday, foreign bankers and diplomats told Reuters.    Chinese officials have said the 1986 deficit is "severalbillion," after a surplus of 2.82 billion in 1985 which followedsix years of deficits, including a record 17 billion yuanshortfall in 1979. They have not given an exact figure.    The officials blamed the deficit on excessive investment infixed assets and consumer demand, a drop in efficiency in statefirms, a trade deficit and lower income from import duties.    "China needs a nationwide campaign to increase productionwhile cutting expenditure," the official Peking Review said inan editorial yesterday.    "China should institute means for the effective control ofthe macro-economy and the invigoration of enterprises, largerones in particular, by emphasising quality, efficiency andreduced consumption," it said.    Only by such measures, the magazine said, "can an overallsupply-demand balance in society be secured and the economydevelop steadily over a long period."    A Western diplomat said major factors for the deficit,which he estimated at up to nine billion yuan, were a drop inefficiency and wage rises in state firms, whose profits andtaxes account for a substantial part of national revenue.    The State Statistical Bureau (SSB) last month said profitsand taxes of state firms in 1986 fell 0.2 pct from 1985 to119.3 billion yuan, while production costs were over budget,losses rose and product quality was unstable.    The SSB said profits in most state firms fell because ofbad management and rapid changes in external conditions.    "For some materials, state firms have to compete on the freemarket, where prices are up to double those for materials theybuy under fixed quota from the state," the diplomat said.    "The firms are not subject to proper market discipline,because they cannot go bankrupt, do not have to repay bankloans and have to employ workers whether or not they need them.Under these conditions, they cannot properly adjust to theeconomic levers the state is introducing," he said.    Another diplomat said Wang's major problem is excess demandin the economy, caused by wage increases well ahead ofindustrial growth, and excess growth in capital construction.    "He must dampen this growth through raising taxes or cuttinggovernment expenditure," he said. "China's economy is inherentlyunstable, either in a high or a trough."    He said Wang will reaffirm themes repeated by leaders sincethe start of the year -- thrift, improved efficiency, cuttinginvestment outside the state plan and reducing consumption tobring demand and supply into balance.    "There will be no surprises," the diplomat said.    The first diplomat said one sign of the thrifty times wasthe lack of a banquet during a visit he made to a major Chineseindustrial city.    "Normally, a foreign guest's visit is a chance for the boysto feast on Mao Tai (a strong liquor), turtle and sea slugs,with one banquet given by them and one given in return by me.But there was none on this visit," he said.    He added economic reforms will slow this year, inparticular price changes and the issuing of shares, which raisesensitive issues about ownership and ideology. Bond issuesraise no such dilemmas and will continue, he added.    A North American banker, who estimated the deficit at abouteight billion yuan, said economic policy has been affected by anational drive against "bourgeois liberalism," a phrase meaningWestern political ideas.    "In China the political system dictates economic policy," hesaid. "The large deficit gives the conservatives a stick to beatthe reformers and demand more economic austerity.    "One of China's top economic policy makers told me this week1987 will be a year of consolidation for his firm, with lessoverseas investment, lower imports and new funding to besourced internally."    The banker said he is more comfortable about China'sstability now than two months ago, when the drive was launchedafter the resignation of Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang.    "There is no leftist alternative to the reforms," he said."There is no going back to the policy of strict central control.But the reforms will take years. What you have now is aconfused mix of control and market economies." REUTER&#3;