New U.S. Banking data suggest theFederal Reserve is guiding monetary policy along a steady pathand is not signalling any imminent change of course, economistssaid.    But they also said that if money supply growth remainsweak, as this week's unexpected eight billion dlr M-1 declinesuggests it may, this could influence the Fed to loosen itscredit reins and move toward a more accommodative monetarypolicy.    A Reuter survey of 17 money market economists produced aforecast of a 600 mln dlr M-1 decline for the week ended June8, with estimates ranging from a gain of one billion dlrs to adecline of four billion. Instead, M-1 fell eight billion dlrsto 745.7 billion dlrs at a seasonally adjusted annual rate.    Coming on the heels of a 4.3 billion decrease in M-1 forthe week ended June 1, this means the nation's money supply hasfallen more than 12 billion dlrs in the past two weeks,economists said.    "M-1 has hit an air pocket of weakness," said Bill Sullivanof Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.    While M-1 may have lost its significance as an indicator ofeconomic growth, Sullivan said Fed officials might be concernedthe latest drop in M-1 means another month of sluggish growthin the broader monetary aggregates, M-2 and M-3, which are seenas better gauges of economic growth.    Latest monthly M-2 and M-3 data showed that as of May, bothmeasures were growing at rates below the bottom of the Fed's5-1/2 to 8-1/2 pct target ranges.    If money growth does not accelerate, Fed officials,concerned that this indicates economic growth is flagging,could turn toward easier monetary policy, economists said.    "Does this mean that the Fed abandons its current openmarket position? No," Sullivan said. "But does this mean the endof tightening for the time being? Definitely yes."    Economists said average adjusted discount window borrowingsof 385 mln dlrs for the latest two-week bank statement periodwere lower than they had expected. Most believed the Fed hadtargetted a two-week borrowings average of around 500 mln dlrs.    But they said that if it had not been for a large one-daynet miss in the Fed's reserve projections, the higherborrowings target would probably have been reached.    A drop in May U.S. Housing starts and continued weakness inauto sales show key sectors of the U.S. Economy are lagging,while a recent modest 0.3 pct gain in May producer prices hashelped dispel inflation fears, Slifer said.    "If this continues, we can entertain the notion of Fedeasing at some point," he said.    Other economists said the Fed would probably pay littleattention to weak money supply growth. "It has been a number ofyears since M-1 has given good signs of what's going on in theeconomy," one said. "I don't think M-1 shows that the economy isfalling apart and the Fed should ease."    Economists agreed a stable dollar will continue to be aprerequisite for any move by the Fed toward easier monetarypolicy.    They said the Fed is reluctant to lower short-term ratesfor fear this would spur expectations of a weaker dollar andhigher inflation which would push up long-term yields and chokeoff econmomic growth.    But Sullivan said the dollar has been steady since lateApril. "The Fed has to determine if this represents afundamental change for the dollar. If it does, then this givesthem more room to ease," he said. REUTER&#3;