U.S. analysts expect the AmericanPetroleum Institute's weekly report on oil inventories to showa slight build in U.S. stocks of gasoline for the week endedMay 29, oil traders and analysts said.    While the consensus is for an increase, a few would notrule out the possibility of an decline. Traders said thatbarring any surprises in tonight's report, they expect thereport to be neutral to bearish for oil prices.    Heating oil stocks are also likely to build and runs to besteady to slightly higher, which could add pressure on oilprices, the analysts said.    Crude oil was seen likely to build assuming importscontinue at relatively high levels.    Analysts expect gasoline stocks to rise 500,000 to two mlnbarrels above the 234 mln reported for May 22.    Peter Beutel, oil analyst with Elders Futures inc, wholooks for a build said, "We have had five weeks of gasolinedemand at 7.3 mln bpd or more and it is likely to taper off tobetween 6.7-7.0 mln bpd, which should make stocks build. Demandwould have to stay above 7.0 mln bpd to have a draw," he added.    Rising demand is why oil traders and analysts expect a drawin stocks of about of about one mln barrels.       The U.S. Energy Information Administration in its latestreport for the four weeks ending may 22 said that gasolinedemand was up 4.4 pct to 7.3 mln bpd from the previous year.    But analysts said hopes of reduced stocks is likely tofounder on increased runs in refineries, which could be up 0.3pct above May 22's 81.2 pct capacity operated.    Such an increase would raise runs about 100,000 bpd and addto U.S. stocks.    But some analysts said that refiners may have held refineryruns.    Heating oil stocks were also expected to build between700,000 barrels and one mln from the 96 mln barrel levelreported last week, but a rise in distillate stocks wasdiscounted as having a market impact at this time.    "A build is seasonal now and not out of line with last year,"one futures analyst said.    Analysts said they also expect crude oil stocks to buildbetween 1.5 mln barrels and three mln from the 325 mln barrelsreported by API for the week of may 22.    The consensus appears for about two mln barrels to be addedto the nation's inventory. Reuter&#3;