Singapore's government securitiesmarket had performed well in volume terms since its launch onMay 7 but there were constraints to further growth, bankers anddealers said.    Lawrence Yeo, director of securities trading anddistribution for Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Ltd, toldReuters there was a shortage of non-professional corporate,institutional and private investors trading in fixed incomesecurities, especially those with long term funds. The markettrades treasury bills and bonds.    Available liquid funds were still moving into traditionalinvestments because share prices were rising and returns werelow on fixed income securities, Yeo said.    He said the lack of market information and investmenteducation for potential investors were limiting factors.    Referring to the securitisation of corporate debt, he said"If the saving between a traditional bank loan and a publicoffering is not great, investors prefer to take the loanbecause it does not require the public disclosure ofinformation."    William K.K. Wong, managing director of Indosuez Asia(Singapore) Ltd, said institutional investors this year hadfocussed on the equity market rather than bonds.    Bankers and analysts said the new market would pave the wayfor the development of corporate bond issues.    The bankers said development of an active fixed incomesecurities market would encourage more private and publiccompanies to issue debt instruments.    They said they hoped the risk-free government bond yieldcurve would provide a benchmark for corporate bonds and otherdebt instruments.    Economists and bankers said the recent share offer bySembawang Maritime Ltd, which was oversubscribed 92.3 times andwhich raked in a record 6.80 billion dlrs, showed the flow ofliquidity into the share market. The previous record of 1.96billion dlrs was set in April by Avimo Singapore Ltd.    Wong said total average daily turnover of the governmentsecurities market had fallen sharply due to share issues.    He said there were at most seven active participants,mainly banks. Other financial institutions were on thesidelines because the securities market concept was new.    Wong said the recent revision of the minimum liquid assetratio to 18 pct allows banks to restructure liquid assets andinject more long term funds into the securities market.    One of the primary dealers, United Overseas Bank Ltd, hasan average daily turnover of over 100 mln dlrs but this couldrise to 300 mln on active option days, deputy manager Ho KianFah told Reuters.    Ho said major participants, besides the primary andregistered dealers, were mainly U.S. And U.K. Banks whichshowed a willingness to quote prices.    Loh Hoon Sun, general manager of the Overseas Union BankLtd, said he forsees active trading and bidding of newofferings in pre-issued business. Loh estimated OUB's averageturnover to be around 50 mln to 100 mln dlrs on active days.    Dealers said a significant factor was that the t-bill andmoney market rate yield gap had narrowed, making rates forbills more competitive with those in the money market.    Tan Mong Tong, executive director of National Discount CoLtd, told reporters the new securities market would enablebanks, statutory bodies, insurance companies to manage theirfunds more flexibly.    The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) plans to issueeight to 10.5 billion dlrs of taxable instruments in the firstyear and a gross issue of 35 billion dlrs over five years.    The first issue of 300 mln dlrs worth of T-bills by the MASwas 1.9 times subscribed while the first issue of 500 mln dlrsworth of five-year bonds was three times oversubscribed. Therecent issue of 300 mln dlrs of two-year bonds received 1.17billion dlrs in applications.    The new securities market operated by MAS on an electronicbook entry system will provide new investment outlets intendedto develop Singapore's capital market, bankers said.    But the market is new and long term success and expansionwill depend on how the MAS and the primary and registereddealers stimulate activity, the bankers and analysts said.    They said it was necessary to promote liquidity becauseinvestors did not negotiate frequently enough and tended tohold on to their investments.    They advocated the establishment of a market makersassociation to help investors understand the market and itsinstruments as a lack of speculative activity limits marketturnover and supply. REUTER&#3;