Bankers, concerned about official callsfor curbs on Switzerland's banking secrecy, are likely topropose a compromise plan when they meet regulators today, theBankers Federation Secretary said.    Andreas Hubschmid confirmed a report in yesterday'sSonntagsblick the Federation would make proposals to curb theanonymity given to some bank clients who hide their identitiesbehind lawyers or fiduciary agents.    "The Sonntagsblick story goes in the right direction, and Icannot deny it," Hubschmid told Reuters.    Hubschmid declined to confirm details, saying nothing hadyet been decided.    Recent allegations U.S. Officials involved in thearms-for-Iran scandal took advantage of Swiss discretion toopen accounts here have added fuel to the long-running secrecydebate, while Manila has said former Philippine PresidentFerdinand Marcos put a fortune into banks here.    While Swiss banks are strictly forbidden to reveal thenames of their clients to the outside world, a self-governingcode of conduct dating from 1977 requires the bankersthemselves know the identities of their clients.    But the banking code, due for renewal this October, allowsa client to hide his name behind a lawyer provided the lattersigns the so-called "B-form" guaranteeing that his client is notmisusing his anonymity for criminal purposes.    The Commission said at the end of last year it wanted useof the form drastically reduced.    The bankers' compromise plan, Sonntagsblick said, quotingreliable sources, aims to eliminate abuses by differentiatingbetween lawyers who just manage portfolios for their clientsand those who do so only as a small part of a wider legalservice.    Only in the second case, would the use of the B-form stillbe allowed, it said. Other clients would have to give up theiranonymity and reveal their identities to the bank.    Commission President Hermann Bodenmann said the Commissionwas likely to discuss the proposal at today's meeting with thebankers, and during its own council session on Tuesday. Hedeclined further comment. The banks draw up their own rules of conduct. But bankinganalysts said the banks cannot afford to ignore the views ofthe Commission, which is ultimately responsible for preventingabuses. REUTER&#3;