A new International Natural RubberAgreement (INRA) will be formally adopted tomorrow, chairman ofthe negotiating conference Manaspas Xuto of Thailand said.    "The successful negotiation of the new agreement representsa significant step forward in international economiccooperation," he told a news conference. The new INRA is toreplace the current one which expires in October.    Delegates at the renegotiation conference, held under theauspices of the U.N. Conference on Trade and Development(UNCTAD), reached agreement over the central elements of a newaccord last weekend.    Xuto said the new INRA retains the reference price -- of201.66 Malaysian/Singapore cents per kilo -- and indicativeprices set in the present pact.    Price levels will continue to be expressed in the jointMalaysian/Singapore currency, he added.    The new agreement also maintains the basic structure ofprice ranges -- the "may sell" and "may buy" points at plus andminus 15 pct of the reference price, as well as the "must sell"and "must buy" zones at plus and minus 20 pct of it.    Xuto said the new pact maintains the same objectives thatwere set in the present accord. "The most important of these areto stabilise prices and to achieve a balanced growth betweendemand and supply," he said. The buffer stock remains the soleinstrument of market intervention for price stabilisation andits maximum capacity is unchanged at 550,000 tonnes, Xutoadded.    At this month's session, which was the fourth attempt intwo years to negotiate a new INRA, the main issue to beresolved concerned the mechanism for adjusting the referenceprice.    It was agreed to conduct reviews of the reference priceevery 15 months -- instead of the current 18-month intervals.    The extent of the adjustment was also modified.    Under the present agreement if the daily market indicatorprice has been above the upper intervention ("may sell") price(currently 231 Malaysian/Singapore cents) or below the lowerintervention price ("may buy") price (171 cents at present) forsix months, the reference price is then revised by five pct orwhatever amount the International Natural Rubber Councildecides.    Under the new pact, the adjustment under thesecircumstances will be five pct unless the Council decides on ahigher adjustment.    Similarly, when buffer stock purchases or sales amount to300,000 tonnes, there would be an automatic adjustment of threepct under the new accord unless the Council decides on a higherpercentage.    Throughout the talks, which began on March 9, producers hadstrongly opposed a consumer proposal to lower the referenceprice and the "lower indicative price" (or floor price) of 150cents in the present pact if the buffer stock, currently360,000 tonnes, reached 450,000 tonnes.    The proposal, initiated by the U.S., was withdrawn lastFriday, setting the stage for compromise at the weekend.    Since then negotiators have worked on the finer details ofthe new pact.    On the question of conditions for entry into force of thenew INRA, Xuto said it was tentatively agreed that governmentsaccounting for 75 pct of world exports and 75 pct of worldimports approved or ratified the new agreement before it becameoperational.    The present agreement had a figure of 80 pct. Reuter&#3;