Automobile dealerships have becomelarge, multi-store operations, and the largest sell more than 1billion dlrs a year worth of vehicles a year.    Around the auto industry there is talk of mergers andbuyouts among dealerships, and there are rumors that thelargest are considering offering shares to the public, analystssay.    Retail car sales "are at a point of transition. There's notmuch that's off the table in terms of creative thinking" aboutways to sell cars, says David Cole, analyst with the Universityof Michigan's Transportation Research Institute.    The retail car market is "much more freeform now" than itwas in 1956, the year things began to change, says Detroitanalyst Arvid Jauppi of Arvid Jauppi and Associates.    Thirty years ago, in 1956, the situation was different.Dealerships sold one kind of car--a "Chevy" or a Ford or aStudebaker. The average dealer had 17 employees and sold738,000 dlrs worth of vehicles, according to the NationalAutomobile Dealers Association.    That year a tiny car from overseas--Germany's VolkswagenBeatle--began to gain popularity. The "Bug" caused "arebellion" among dealers, who demanded greater freedom fromrestrictions placed on them by the major American automakers,says Jauppi.    One of the most visible changes in retail car sales hasbeen in the size of dealerships, auto analysts say. Last year,the average dealership had 11.2 mln dlrs in sales--a 15-foldincrease from 1956--and employed 34 workers.    "I had one of these guys tell me he makes six, seven mlndlrs a year and didn't know what to do with all his money,"says Cole.    "There's a whole lot more rich guys who sell cars than thatmake cars," he says.    With the increase in size, large dealers have been buyingup other dealerships, and auto analysts see few signs the trendwill let up.    Donald Keithley, vice president, dealer services, for J.D.Power, a California-based market research firm, says that, by1990, 12,000 people will own dealerships compared to 16,800principal owners today.    Many dealers are experimenting with owning severalfranchises, some of which might compete against each other. "Itused to be a Chevrolet dealer was a Chevrolet dealer. Now aChevrolet dealer might handle several lines," Jauppi says.    As dealers get bigger, industry officials are talking aboutthe possibility that some of them might become publicly-ownedor open international operations.    Offering shares to the public is an option large dealers,"are obviously thinking of very seriously," says Cole.    Although some say the franchise system might get in the wayof a public offering, Jauppi says there are few obstacles totrading in car dealer shares.    "Dealers are large enough now to go public. The only thingthe manufacturer cares about is that the dealer sells thosecars. It could happen any time," Jauppi says.    "If you look at the whole merger mania, and look at thescale some of these dealers, it's going to be very hard toresist taking them public," said another analyst.    And Jauppi says that dealerships can be expected to becomeinternational.    "We're going to have international dealers--dealer networksthat are worldwide," he says. U.S. dealers will be attractedparticularly to Europe, where the market will expand fasterthan the U.S., he says.    "It's not totally off the wall," says Cole. Reuter&#3;