The deal AMR Corp cut to buy 40 newplanes is a plus for the company because it clearly puts thefinancial burden on aircraft manufacturers Boeing Co &lt;BA> and&lt;Airbus Industrie>, a European consortium, analysts said.    "The terms put most of the risk on the shoulders of themanufacturers," said analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley andCo. "They're called walkaway leases."    AMR agreed to buy 15 planes from Boeing and 25 from Airbusbut said its American Airlines unit will lease the aircraft,which essentially will be owned by the manufacturers.    AMR declined to value the deal, which analysts estimated atroughly 2.4 billion dlrs. American Airlines will use theplanes, scheduled for delivery in 1988 and 1989, to expand itsservice in the Caribbean and to Europe.    But AMR will not lay out cash deposits to pay for theplanes, nor will it take on new debt to finance the purchases.The carrier has 20-year leases on the aircraft, with four-yearextension options, and may cancel the leases with 30 daysnotice by paying a small penalty, according to AMR chairmanRobert Crandall.    "We're getting the aircraft on very favorable terms,"Crandall told a press briefing here. He called the deals "offbalance sheet" limited obligation leases, under which thefinancing is provided by the manufacturers.    A spokesman for Airbus confirmed those terms. "We will ownthe aircraft and they will be leasing them from us," he said.Airbus is providing American Airlines with 25 of its twin-jet,long-range A300-600 planes.    A spokesman for Boeing Commercial Airplane Co, the unit ofBoeing that makes the long-range 767-300 planes that are partof the deal, declined to comment on financing arrangements.    Analysts said "walkaway lease" deals have been used beforeby airlines buying aircraft, particularly new generations ofplanes, but not to this extent.    Julius Maldutis of Salomon Brothers Inc said the deal willgive AMR financial stability as it grows. "AMR is using themanufacturers' balance sheets to finance these airplanes andconsequently, its debt to equity ratio will remain stable intothe early 1990s," he said.    "The deal reflects a fundamental trend where airlines willincreasingly become operators of assets rather than owners" toreduce their exposure to risk, he added. Reuter&#3;