Asian cocoa producers are expandingoutput despite depressed world prices and they dismisssuggestions in the London market that their cocoa is inferior.    "Leading cocoa producers are trying to protect their marketfrom our product," said a spokesman for Indonesia's directorategeneral of plantations. "We're happy about our long-term future."    Malaysian growers said they would try to expand sales inAsia and the United States if Malaysian cocoa was not suitablefor European tastes.    They were responding to comments by London traders thatlarge tonnages of unwanted cocoa beans from Malaysia, Indonesiaand Papua New Guinea (PNG) were helping to depress cocoaprices.    London traders said the Asian cocoa was consideredunsuitable for western palates because of an acrid odour and ahigh level of free fatty acids.    Ng Siew Kee, the chairman of Malaysia's Cocoa Growers'Council, said Malaysia should expand its sales to Asia and theUnited States if it did not produce a type suitable for WesternEurope.    A spokesman for the PNG Cocoa Industry Board said theLondon market was mistaken if it linked PNG cocoa withhigh-acid Malaysian and Indonesian beans.    "When the market is declining, buyers seize on anything totalk down prices," the spokesman said.    He said that PNG could sell whatever cocoa it produces.    PNG exported 33,000 tonnes of cocoa in the 1986/87 cocoayear ending September 30, of which nearly 50 pct was exportedto West Germany, 16 pct to the U.S. And the rest to theNetherlands and Britain.    The Indonesia spokesman, an Agriculture Ministry officialwho wished not to be identified, said Indonesia had no problemwith quality and would continue to expand sales. He describedcriticism of the quality of Indonesian beans as "trade politics"and said Jakarta's traditional links with Dutch buyers meant itdid not have any difficulty with exports.    Indonesia and Malaysia, Asia's two biggest commodityproducers, are expanding cocoa output and are both outside theInternational Cocoa Organization (ICCO).    Officials have said Malaysian production is expected tototal 150,000 to 155,000 tonnes in calendar 1987.    This is up from 131,000 tonnes in 1986, partly because ofthe end of a three-year drought in Sabah, the country's largestcocoa growing area.    Production of Indonesian cocoa beans tripled to 31,600tonnes in calendar 1986 from 10,284 tonnes in 1980. Output isprojected to rise to 50,000 tonnes in 1988 from 38,000 tonnesthis year as young trees mature.    Both Malaysia and Indonesia are low cost producers andtraders said they could last out low prices longer than WestAfrican countries.    According to one Kuala Lumpur trader, world prices wouldhave to fall another 1,000 ringgit per tonne (about 250 stg) tomake cocoa production in Malaysia uneconomic.    Some traders believe the main quality problem is withharvesting and fermentation techniques.    One trader said Malaysian cocoa is virtuallyindistinguishable from West African output if treated in thesame way but this is not possible on the larger Malaysianestates. REUTER&#3;