McLean Industries Inc said itstwo shipping subsidiaries -- UNITED States Lines Inc and UnitedStates Lines (S.A.) Inc -- have agreed in principle to disposeof substantially all their remaining operating shipping assets.    The units have been operating under protection of Chapter11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code since last November.    McLean said U.S. Lines has a letter of intent with CSXCorp's &lt;CSX> Sea-Land Corp subsidiary to transfer assets of itsTranspacific/Hawaii/Guam Service to Sea-Land.    McLean said Sea-Land has tentatively agreed to pay 125 mlndlrs for six vessels, certain port facilities, and variousother equipment used in U.S. Lines' Transpacific service andtheree Lancer class vessels and subsidy rights owned by the twoMcLean subsidiaries.    As previously announced, U.S. Lines (S.A.) will transferits South American Service to &lt;Crowley Maritime Corp>'sAmerican Transport Lines Inc subsidiary in return for a fixedlease payment for the four Lancer class vessels and aparticipation based on American Transport's South Americanrevenues.    McLean said the agreement also calls for Crowley to releaseU.S. Lines (S.A.) for any damages and unpaid charter hire forthree vessels leased to U.S. Lines (S.A.) by Crowley which havebeen returned to Crowley.    McLean said the minimum lease payments will be seven mlndlrs and estimated revenue participation during the first fouryears at about 16 mln dlrs. In addition, U.S. Lines (S.A.)subsidiaries in Brazil and Argentina will be sold to AmericanTransport.    The company said both agreements in principle have beenapproved by directors of the companies involved, but still needcourt, regulatory and lender approval.    McLean said it is requesting the bankruptcy court toschedule a hearing on its motion to approve the agreements,adding that the court has granted the company's request toextend for 90 days the period for the shipping companies tofile a proposed plan of reorganization.    It said the planned transactions will leave McLean with nosignificant shipping assets except 12 New York class vessels,which are not in operation and are expected to be sold.    McLean said its shipping units are returning the vesselsoperating in foreign commerce to United States ports to permitthe planned transfer to purchasers.    The company said U.S. Lines will maintain its weeklyservice from the U.S. West Coast to Hawaii and Guam until thevessels are transferred and the transaction is completed. Reuter&#3;