Japanese banks are expected to giveNigerian debt negotiators a cool response when they arrive heretomorrow for talks, banking sources said.    "We're not very enthusiastic about Nigeria's debtrescheduling," said a senior official at a leading Japanesebank.    A team of Nigerian officials will meet with Japanesecreditor banks here later this week to seek Japanese supportfor a proposed refinancing of part of Nigeria's 19 billion dlrforeign debt, bankers said.    The senior bank official said a majority of Japanese bankcreditors are unwilling to provide any new credits to Nigeriaalthough about 80 pct have reluctantly agreed to acceptrescheduling of part of their existing loans.    "The problem is Nigeria has so far neglected us Japanesecreditors and we have yet to receive a clear-cut picture of thenation's debt situation," said another Japanese bank official.    He said Japanese bankers were unaware of the exact extentof Western commercial bank exposure to Nigeria and wereuncertain about the proposed refinancing package details.    Some 21 Japanese banks have loans outstanding to Nigeria,representing about four pct of the credit extended by Westerncommercial institutions, banking sources said.    They said Nigeria would probably request about 320 mln dlrsin fresh private bank money and rescheduling of some 1.4 to 1.5billion dlrs in existing loans due in 1986 and 1987. Japanesebanks want Nigeria to make clear its debt repayment scheme aswell as its economic reconstruction plans during the two-daymeeting here, the sources added.    "Otherwise, our response will be very negative," the seniorofficial said.    Banking sources said some 80 pct of international creditorbanks involved have responded positively to the Nigerian debtproposal.    Bank of Japan officials said they hope Japanese commercialbanks will help Nigeria overcome its debt problems.    Barclays Bank plc &lt;BCS.L> has the most exposure toNigeria's debt and is chairing a bank steering committeelooking at the problem, the banking sources said. BankAmericaCorp &lt;BAC.N> is coordinating private bank creditors in the FarEast and representing them on the committee, they added. REUTER&#3;