A group of Latin American andCaribbean nations formally opposed trade legislation pending inCongress, saying it would curb their exports, slow developmentand hinder its ability to repay foreign debt.    Mario Rodriguez Montero, president of an Organization ofAmerican States special committee on trade, said he was awareof the large U.S. trade deficit, but added "the region shouldnot be the one affected by the trade bills."    He said the causes of the deficit were the strong dollarand the budget deficit, and "it is regrettable to solve it by atrade bill that would only serve private U.S. interests."    Rodriguez made the comment at a news conference after twodays of meetings with U.S. officials on trade bills now inCongress that are designed to reduce the U.S. trade deficit,which last year hit a record 166.3 billion dlrs.    Congressional observers say the bills are aimed mainly atJapan, Taiwan, South Korea and a few other nations with large,annual trade surpluses with the United States.    Mexico, Brazil and Venezuela are the only Latin nationswith large trade surpluses last year with the United States,but even Mexico, with the largest, had a surplus of only 5.2billion dlrs, against Japan's of 58.6 billion dlrs.    The European Community has also opposed the bills.    Rodriguez said the Latin and Caribbean nations backed theReagan Administration's opposition to many of the sections inthe legislation, including those to curb imports and to requireretaliation for foreign unfair trade practices.    He told reporters the committee would likely mount acampaign to fight the legislation when it comes up for debateon the Senate floor, expected next week.    Rodriguez said "the region needs trade to continuedevelopment.  We hope this need will not be affected negativelyby trade legislation."    Rodriguez said: "we need to keep the market opens -especially the U.S. market - to obtain the necessary foreignexchange not only to service the debt but also to continuenational development progress."    President Reagan has said he would veto any legislation hetermed "protectionist," and his aides now are mounting a effortto water down some of the objectionable provisions in thelegislation.    Asked whether Reagan was ready to cast a veto, Rodriguezsaid as yet "the administration is not in a veto frame of mind." reuter&#3;