Central bank money stock was growingat about seven pct in the first quarter of 1987, down from9-1/2 pct in the second half of 1986, so there are signs thatthe pace of growth is slowing even though it is still abovetarget, the Bundesbank said in its 1986 annual report.    The Bundesbank set a target range of three to six pctgrowth from fourth quarter 1986 to fourth quarter 1987 forcentral bank money stock. In the previous year it grew 7.7 pct,outside the 3-1/2 to 5-1/2 pct target range.    The Bundesbank noted that monetary policy in 1986 waslimited by a series of external factors.    These included the revaluation of the mark, growing foreignpayments surpluses of non-banks, and currency inflows.    The Bundesbank therefore tolerated the monetary overshootin 1986, as an attempt to counter monetary expansion withinterest rate and liquidity moves would have increased upwardpressure on the mark, it said.    The lower end of the 1987 target range would be realisticif a large part of funds currently held in a liquid form wereinvested in long-term bank accounts or bonds, public bonds orforeign securities, the Bundesbank said.    But if companies and private households continue to holdtheir funds in liquid forms, or if there are further currencyinflows, growth will be closer to the upper end of the range.    "The more the conflict between external constraints anddomestic objectives relaxes -- and many things point to this atthe time of writing this report -- the more possible it will beto do justice again to the medium-term concept of money supplycontrol," the Bundesbank said.    It noted that prices were beginning to tend upwards againat the start of 1987.    There would be virtually no easing of other productioncosts in 1987 to compensate for the rise in unit-wage costs.    "Nevertheless, no inflationary trends are likely to set inthis year," the Bundesbank said.    A link between excessive monetary growth and intensifyingprice rises can only be observed in the long term, it added.    The continuing trend for non-banks to switch into long-termborrowing to take advantage of low interest rates, while forthe same reason shunning long-term investments, increases therisks in changing interest rates for banks refinancingthemselves with variable-interest deposits, it added. REUTER&#3;