Data General Corp said sales continue toremain flat and it sees little evidence that demand will pickup in the near future.    The company had not "really seen any major change" indemand, vice president of group marketing, J. David Lyons, toldReuters in an interview. "Our sales have been moderate to flat,but certainly not down," Lyons said.    Data General president Edson de Castro declined to commenton his outlook for the computer industry or on the company'sperformance.       Wall Street analysts said they were not surprised by theless than confident message from Data General which earliertoday announced computer networking products to link personalcomputers with networks of its minicomputers and computers fromother vendors.    "They've tried a number of different things that haven'tseemed to work," said Paine Webber analyst Stephen Smith. "DataGeneral is finding that aggressive pricing alone isn't enough"to win sales," Smith said.    In the second quarter ended March 31, Data General postedan operating loss of 24.4 mln dlrs, or 91 cts a share, comparedto earnings of 2.0 mln dlrs, or eight cts a share, a yearearlier. Sales for the quarter fell to 315.2 mln dlrs from318.8 mln dlrs.    Despite reports of an upturn in sales at rivals DigitalEquipment Corp &lt;DEC> and International Business Machines Corp&lt;IBM>, Data General said it was not convinced that theminicomputer market had emerged from a two-year slump.    "We would rather wait until we see a sustained improvementin orders," Lyons said.       Lyons said new hardware and software introduced by thecompany are a response to customers who want to tie togethertheir growing number of PCs and to connect them with largermini and mainframe computers.    He said the products are part of a new strategy ofproviding industry-standard systems that allow computers fromdifferent vendors to share and exchange information.       Analysts noted that Data General is one of many companiespromoting the integration of PCs with other office computers.    "PC integration is a tough strategy," said Smith.    "A lot of people are coming to the market from a lot ofdifferent angles," he said. Reuter&#3;