Israel's exports to the U.S. can andmust double over the next five years if the mideast nation'sgoal of economic independence is to be achieved, said GadYaacobi, Israeli minister of Economy and Communication.    Speaking before an American-Israel Chamber of Commerceseminar, Yaacobi said that in 1986 Israeli exports to the U.S.were over 2.3 billion dlrs or about one-third of Israel's totalexports, while imports from the U.S. were around 1.8 billiondlrs or roughly one-sixth of the total.    "I am convinced that Israel exports to the U.S. can reachfive billion dlrs in the next five years, if we learn tofunction in the American marketplace and place greater emphasison product quality," Yaacobi said.    While the weakening of the dollar vis-a-vis Europeancurrencies is a "bottleneck to increasing exports to the U.S.,"Yaacobi said he expects Israel to extend its recent trendtoward higher U.S. exports.    In the last ten years, Israeli exports to the U.S. rosefivefold, from 417 mln dlrs to 2.3 billion in 1986, whileimports rose from 888 mln dlrs to 1.8 billion last year.    Yaacobi said export growth must increase ten to eleven pctannually, the rate achieved until the 1973 Yom Kippur War.     He said that the U.S./Israel Free Trade agreement, passedlast year and eliminating all duties and other commercialrestrictions between the two nations through 1994, wouldcontinue to facilitate the desired export growth.    Dual agreements included in the FTA allow Israel to act asan economic bridge between the U.S. and Europe, enabling U.S.firms to export to Europe at lower cost if a certain percentageof the exported is produced in Israel, and vice-versa.    Yaacobi said that tensions among the nations of the middleeast was one of the main reasons Israel had not yet been ableto achieve its economic potential.    Since 1973 the U.S. has given Israel 25 billion dlrs inaid, but most of it went to defense expenditures and financingmilitary conflicts "which were imposed on Israel," he said.    Short of achieving Israel's full growth potential, however,Yaccobi said it would still be possible to achieve economicindependence by 1993 or 1994, based on the assumption thatexports can be doubled from 1986 levels in that time period. Reuter&#3;