Bank of England Governor RobinLeigh-Pemberton said the Paris pact agreed between six leadingindustrialised nations set no nominal exchange rate targets.    Leigh-Pemberton said in oral evidence to a select committeethat "we did not swap numbers - we reached an understanding" onhow to cooperate towards stabilizing currencies at around theircurrent levels.    He said the accord had brought Britain into a form of jointcurrency float - but one which let it still purse anindependent monetary policy. "I would concede that, since theLouvre Accord, we are acting as if we are in something,"Leigh-Pemberton said.    "The Louvre and Plaza accords show there is a very effectiverole for the (Group of) seven central banks to operate together"towards stabilising exchange rates," Leigh-Pemberton said.    He did not mention this week's intervention by centralbanks to support the dollar, after markets decided to test theaccord.     Leigh-Pemberton said that "the effectiveness of this(cooperation) is actually larger than many of us had thought inthe pre-Plaza days" before September 1985.    He did not indicate what exchange rate levels were broadlysought by the six nations, and noted that "we are more effectivein our agreement if we can leave the markets guessing."    He did not indicate what exchange rate levels were broadlysought by the six nations, and noted that "we are more effectivein our agreement if we can leave the markets guessing."    Leigh-Pemberton said that, in principle, the Bank ofEngland favoured full EMS membership for sterling, providedsuch a move did not endanger U.K. Anti-inflation monetarypolicy. Asked whether he wanted to see U.K. Interest rateslower, he said "the two half point cuts (this month in banks'base lending rates) have been appropriate up until now."    Leigh-Pemberton said he preferred a "cautious step-by-stepapproach" to reducing short term interest rates, not leastbecause "we have a potential problem with inflation."    Underlying U.K. Inflation was currently around 4.0 pct, "oneof the highest" among industrialised nations, he added.    Leigh-Pemberton said the Bank of England had not wantedbase rates to fall before the unveiling of the 1987/88 budgeton March 17, but he said pressure from financial markets forsuch a move had proved irresistible. Base rates are now at 10pct.    Regarding sterling's relationship with oil, Leigh-Pembertonsaid that the pound could be seen being undervalued overall.    He said the current oil price of some 18 dlrs a barrelmight suggest a level of 74 on the Bank of England's sterlingindex, when compared with the index's level before oil pricesdropped from around the 30 dlr level. The index, base 1975,closed here today at 72.1, unchanged from the previous close. Reuter&#3;