Substantial difficulties faced by theU.S. farm credit system can be solved with a business-likeapproach to the problems, a Farm Credit Admimistration officialsaid.    Marvin R. Duncan, a member of the administration board,said the farm credit system faces unprecedented difficulties inits 70-year history.    Addressing Chicago business and agricultural economists,Duncan outlined three basic problems of the farm credit system.Those include the high cost of its debt, the quality of itsassets, and the management of its credit delivery system.    He said some of the system's debt carries interest rates ashigh as 15.65 pct and will not mature until the year 2007.    Of its 54.6 mln dlrs in assets, 24.1 pct are non-accrual,high risk or already forfeited property, which led to losses in1986 of 1.9 billion dlrs and in 1985 of 2.7 billion dlrs.    Problems with credit delivery have been somewhat resolved,he said.    "The system is still plagued with duplication in layers ofmanagement and decision-making, inadequate tailoring of creditservices to fit the emerging market, a large investment inbricks and mortar, and a management and directorate moreinsular to the marketplace than that of its competitors," hesaid.    He said solutions to the problems should - - provide assurances to farmers on borrowers stock and thestability of the farm credit system. - maintain confidence of investors who buy system securities. - address the high cost of the system's existing debt. - enable the Farm Credit System Capital Corporation to carryout its role as a workout bank.    Frank Naylor, chairman of the Farm Credit Administration,said this week that the system may lose as much as 1.4 billiondlrs this year, and another board member, Jim Billington, saidCongress should plan to spend at least 800 mln dlrs beginninglate this year to bail out the system.    Duncan noted that the system has about 70 billion dlrs inassets, serves about 800,000 individual borrowers and 3,000cooperatives, and has 62.5 billion dlrs in securitiesoutstanding.    "With a business-like solution to its problems, it cancontinue that role for generations into the future," he said. Reuter&#3;