The outlook for the WestGerman economy is relatively bright, with gross nationalproduct expected to expand by three pct this year, KielUniversity's Institute for World Economy said.    The GNP forecast by the institute, one of five leadingeconomic research bodies in West Germany, is more optimisticthan that of the other institutes, some of which have recentlyreduced their GNP forecasts to between two and 2.5 pct.    In a report the Kiel institute said West Germany's exportoutlook has not deteriorated fundamentally despite the mark'sstrength against the dollar and other major currencies.    "The danger that exports will slump in 1987 appears, all inall, limited," the report said. "On the contrary, a slight risein exports can be expected."    The institute said past experience has shown West Germanexporters will move to counterbalance currency factors bycutting costs, trying to penetrate new markets and adjustingtheir product ranges.    They will be aided in 1987 by an expected slight rise ineconomic growth in industrial countries. At the same time, thedecline in exports to oil producing countries looks set to slowthis year.    West German GNP growth in 1987 will be led by renewedadvances in domestic consumption and investment spending, bothof which will in turn be buoyed by an expansionary monetarypolicy, the institute said.    However, it said the labour market would see only a slightimprovement because companies will be reluctant to hireadditional workers due to higher labour costs caused partly byagreed reductions in working hours.    The institute cautioned that the expansionary stance ofmonetary policy in West Germany was likely to bring a markedacceleration of inflation.    It also warned that what it called the worldwidesynchronization of monetary policy heightened the risk of a newglobal recession. It said central banks in industrializedcountries, including the Bundesbank, had followed the FederalReserve Board's expansionary course.    The institute said this in turn was bound to leadeventually to a rise in worldwide inflation and a shift in U.S.Policy towards a more restrictive policy. Other central bankswere likely to follow suit, causing a recession that couldaggravate the debt crisis of developing countries as well asincrease protectionism around the world.    Although Germany cannot entirely shield itself from thenegative effects of the global synchronization of monetarypolicy, it should do all it can to strengthen the forces ofgrowth at home.    The institute said this could be done by ensuring thatfiscal policy fosters a willingness to work and invest. Taxesshould be cut by a greater amount than currently planned, andwage increases in 1987 and 1988 should be markedly lower thanin 1986. It also said the Bundesbank should reduce inflationarypressures by cutting the current rate of growth in money supplyto about four pct. REUTER&#3;