A study by the Organizationfor Economic Cooperation and Development says it may take yearsto resolve the huge economic imbalances now plaguing the worldeconomy, U.S. and western officials said.    The paper was expected to stimulate policy debate amongsenior officials of leading industrial nations preparing fornext month's annual meeting of finance ministers in Paris.    The May 11-13 ministerial meeting of the 24-nation OECD, aforum for coordinating economic policies, has taken on addedsignificance in view of the difficulties dogging the attemptsof major nations to achieve joint goals.    Despite two meetings of the seven leading industrial powers-- the United States, Japan, West Germany, France, Britain,Italy and Canada -- pledges to change policy have still to beturned into action.    As a result, financial markets have been unusually unstableand have focussed their attention on every internationalmeeting for clues that change is in the air.    The study concludes that there needs to be much greaterfiscal action by the United States, West Germany and Japan toreduce their massive trade imbalances, a U.S. official said.    "We looked at what we could do to get from here to there.We've got to continue cutting the deficit, and there needs tobe domestic expansion (in West Germany and Japan)," the officialsaid, noting that significant actions are called for.    Officials noted the study strongly underscores the need foraction by West Germany and Japan.    Seperately, western officials said they understood thatU.S. overtures to Japan and West Germany to cut theirshort-term interest rates have been rebuffed for now.    Such rate reductions would have helped stabilize the steepdecline of the dollar, by widening the difference between bondyields in the United States, on the one hand, and in Japan andWest Germany on the other.    One official said that while the policy actions called forwere similar to those urged by the seven, the study shows "it'sgoing to take several years to resolve (the tradeimbalances)."    The OECD has set three pct as the necessary target foraverage annual growth in the industrial world if tradeimbalances are to be corrected and the Third World debt crisiskept under control.    The study strongly implies these targets will not be metwithout major action by the three leading nations, officialssaid.    Equally, it suggests that without major fiscal expansion byBonn and Tokyo, and a corresponding deep reduction in the U.S.budget deficit, the current trend of an upturn in U.S. interestrates and a weakening dollar will go uncorrected.    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker says the dollar's deepdecline alone will shave only 15 billion dlrs off the roughly140 billion dlrs U.S. deficit in goods and services this year.    But the study group also found that progress has been madeand the seven main nations are moving in the right direction.    In Paris this February, the seven agreed that fiscalactions by the three major powers would help them stabilizecurrencies around levels ruling then.    The Reagan administration, this week facing the prospect ofa tough trade bill aimed at curbing foreign trade surpluses,also promised to fight protectionism.    The officials said Washington must move ahead with budgetdeficit cuts of around 36 billion dlrs, a figure set as a goalby the Democratic leadership of the House of Representatives.    They also called for significant increases in the budgetdeficits of Japan and West Germany. Since the study group met,Japan has announced a roughly 35 billion dlr supplementarybudget which was warmly welcomed by Washington.    Nonetheless there is caution over both the timing and thecontent of the proposed Japanese budget.    Financial markets, unconvinced by yet another Japanesepromise of action, have pushed the yen sharply higher againstthe dollar.    While no West German fiscal action is promised beforeJanuary 1988, U.S. officials would welcome such a move. "We'dlove them to accelerate their tax cuts," one official said.    West German economic growth fell steeply in the firstquarter this year, but the official said Bonn has reassuredU.S. officials they expect growth to pick up again.    If faster German growth fails to emerge, Bonn could finditself under pressure to speed up tax cuts planned for early1988 when leaders of the seven meet in Venice this June. reuter&#3;