Livestock analysts expect renewed bullspreading in live cattle futures following yesterday's USDA7-state cattle on feed report.    The USDA reported high placements in February, which mayweigh on back months of cattle futures. Meanwhile, continuedstrong marketings during the month will support the Aprilcontract.    Contracts for June delivery forward could open 25 to 50cents lower while April will likely open about steady, analystssaid.    Cheap corn is still the main incentive for putting cattleon feed, according to Smith Barney livestock analyst TomO'Hare. "They have no place to send the grain," he said.    Strong daily fundamentals may add to nearby support whilethe current discount of deferred months to the cash market mayoffset much of the effect of the report, analysts said.    "The cash market is strong and may overshadow the report,"said Robin Fuller, analyst for Agri Analysis. She added thateven though placements came in above the average trade guess,many traders had expected high placements.    Placements are not that negative, especially since thetechnical correction in June and August live cattle futuressince last week, GH Miller analyst Jerry Gidel said.    He said the current marketing posture will provide addedsupport to the nearby month. Feedlot marketings have beenrunning at a heavier than expected pace.    Chuck Levitt, analyst for Shearson Lehman said that withthe number of cattle on feed down five pct at the beginning ofthe year, a three pct decline in marketings was expected. Butthe report for January showed marketings at 101 pct of a yearago and in February marketings were at 100 pct, Levitt noted.    "So far we haven't seen any decline in marketings. They(feedlot operators) are marketing more cattle than they hadintended for the first quarter, which is a bullishdevelopment," Levitt said.    Gidel also noted that marketings for the early part ofMarch are running ahead of a year ago. Feedlots are not fallingbehind and are holding that 100 pct marketing pace. Reuter&#3;