Shoppers who buy Haagen-Daas ice cream,Dijon mustard or Tuborg beer on their weekly trip to thesupermarket are soon to be the target of a promotional blitzfor national-brand "gourmet" coffees.    General Foods, the largest U.S. coffee roaster, and A andP, which shares the third place in the U.S. market, are theonly two national brand roasters so far to introduce thehigher-quality coffees into selected supermarkets.    But industry insiders believe there is substantial growthpotential in upscale coffee, despite years of flat sales inregular ground roast types.    "I would suspect General Foods will make a name forthemselves with their gourmet line," said a coffee tradesource. "What it could do is really dent the small-store,whole-bean business," the trade source added.    The new lines are designed to appeal to a classicadvertising composite--the "yuppie" consumer.    They buy fresh pasta, subscribe to Bon Appetit magazine andwere "first on their block with a wok," as described by KarinBrown, General Foods senior product manager for its new coffee,called Private Collection out of GF's Maxwell House division.    Paul Gallant, president of A and P's Compass Foodssubsidiary that makes the new A and P gourmet line, describedits potential appeal as "a status thing."    At an initial price of 4.99 dlrs for 12 ounces it isexpensive, though not more so than high quality coffee sold insmall specialty stores. General Foods' Maxwell House Div. hasjust cut the price on its new offering by 50 cents to 4.49 dlrsfor 12 ounces--a move competitor A and P is bound to imitate,according to an A and P executive.    Number two U.S. roaster Folgers has "nothing to announce atthis point" in the gourmet line, a spokesman said. Neither doesHills Bros., a subsidiary of Nestle that shares the third andfourth size market spot by volume with A and P.    Competitors believe Folgers will watch the progress ofGeneral Foods' offering, prepared to jump in if the markettakes off.    General Foods and A and P hope their new products will helppush coffee sales out of the doldrums. Coffee consumption inthe United States has fallen 44 pct since 1962, according to a1986 study by the International Coffee Organization. Sales showno signs of picking up.    Compass's Gallant blames the falloff on declines in coffeequality since the 1960's and aggressive soft drink marketing.    "The national brands began to cheapen the blend in the nameof profit but spent 100 mln dlrs a year telling consumers thiswas quality coffee," Gallant said.    As a result, first time consumers never got a taste for thebrew. The first time a young consumer tries coffee, "they turnaround and say 'My God this is awful, I think I'll have aCoke'," he said.    Having now mostly written off the 16-25 age group, who haveconfirmed their loyalty to soft drinks, coffee marketers areaiming at the high income, free-spending, self-treating crowd-- the yuppie composite.    "Where else are you going to go?," an industry source said."Kids aren't going to drink coffee, that's apparent. There areno other markets. The only area that's not been promoted isgourmet," he said.    In addition to perking up sales, success in the gourmetline could provide much higher margins to roasters than regularground roast coffees produce.    Generally, retail prices are about twice the price ofgreen, unroasted coffee beans, taking into account the costs ofroasting, packaging and distribution, and then deductingoften-generous trade discounts. Supermarkets tend to sellcoffee near the trade price as a "loss leader," a productdesigned to draw shoppers into the store.    But with the new gourmet lines, a different pricingstructure prevails, industry sources said. There is no tradediscounting and an emphasis on expensive packaging, including aspecial valve designed to keep the beans fresher.    Dealers said roasters were buying the higher quality greenbeans at about 1.60 dlrs a lb. Thus, retail prices on gourmetcoffee are now almost three times the price of green.    Targetted consumers seem willing to pay the difference.General Foods claims 80 pct of consumers in their test marketsurveys for Private Collection came back for more.    And product manager Brown points to the success of moreexpensive beers, mustard and ice cream, that began selling inrestricted high income areas and are now available in almostevery supermarket in the country.    A and P is similarly optimistic. "We think we'll doextremely well in the gourmet market," Gallant said.    Maxwell House is marketing its eight types of PrivateCollection in selected high income areas, while A and P offersits 14 different whole bean gourmet coffees, called 8 O'ClockRoyale, only in their own stores in Philadelphia, Baltimore,New York, Atlanta and some other metropolitan areas. Reuter&#3;