The USDA quarterly hogs and pig reportyesterday showed more hogs on U.S. farms compared to last yearas profitability resulting from low grain prices encouragedproducers to step up production, analysts said.    Most analysts seemed to agree with Chicago MercantileExchange floor traders that the report will be viewed asbearish to pork futures and futures prices may open sharplylower today. Some traders and analysts expect limit declines innearby contracts, with spillover selling likely in cattle.    University of Missouri agronomist Glen Grimes said,"Thereport shows that hog producers have responded to a verydesirable feeding ratio that they enjoyed for the past 10months."    Shearson Lehman analyst Chuck Levitt said hog futuresprices are above producers' break even points. Even if futuresfell the daily limit of 1.50 cents today, producers could stilllock in a profit, which increases the likelihood of heavyselling pressure today.    "We have not had a period of profitability of thismagnitude since last summer," Levitt said. "In fact, hogoperations on many mixed livestock/grain enterprises have beenso profitable that it actually enabled some farmers to get backon their feet and refinance their loans just based on the hogoperation alone."    Levitt said the weight breakdown in the report also wasnegative, in that some lead time was anticipated before theslaughter increased from the previous year.    We expected farmers to increase hog operations, but wedidn't expect this degree of expansion to show up in a 10-statespring report, Levitt added.    High hog corn ratios (the number of bushels of corn thatcould be bought for 100 lbs of hog) and the resulting increasedprofits, encouraged farmers and confinement operations toincrease production starting late last year.    Analysts also noted that part of the increase in the hogherd resulted from a revision of the December report andwithout the revision, the March report might have been veryclose to average expectations.    Robin Fuller of Agri Analysis said the USDA made a majorupward revision of 105,000 head in the size of the breedingherd in the December 1 report. So the December report was morebearish than initially indicated.    But Fuller, as well as other analysts, expected the reportto be less negative on deferred futures contracts. Distantcontracts are already at a sharp discount to cash becausetraders anticipated high farrowing intentions, she noted.    Discounts in the October and December contracts take intoconsideration a six to seven pct increase in March/Mayfarrowing intentions, which was borne out in the March 1report, Fuller said.    Grimes said, "As far as the distant months are concerned,if our first quarter pig crop is up only six pct and under 60lb inventories actually up only five pct, it would take atremendous discount in price for each percent increase for usto push down to the prices that the current futures show forthe July and August period."    Jerry Abbenhaus, analyst for AGE Clearing noted thatdistant futures prices are already 15 to 20 dlrs lower thanthey were last summer.    "If cash hogs at the 7-markets last year averaged 61 dlrsduring July, that doesn't mean hogs have to be 15 dlrs cheaperthis year because we have six pct more numbers," he said. Reuter&#3;