Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone willvisit Washington next month in a bid to defuse mounting U.S.Anger over Japanese trade policies, but Western diplomats saidthey believed his chances of success were slim.    Boxed in by powerful political pressure groups andwidespread opposition to his tax reform plans, Nakasone will behard-pressed to come up with anything new to tell U.S.President Ronald Reagan and key U.S. Congressmen, they said.    News of the week-long visit starting April 29 coincidedwith news that Japan recorded a 8.14 billion dlr trade surpluslast month, more than 70 pct higher than a year earlier.    It also came one day after the Reagan Administration'sEconomic Policy Council decided to take retaliatory actionagainst Japan for its alleged failure to live up to a jointtrade agreement on computer microchips.    Nakasone wants to go armed with two separate packages - onedesigned to pep up Japan's sagging economy and imports in theshort-term, the other to redirect the country in the mediumterm away from its over-dependence on exports for growth.    But government officials said political infighting couldrob both packages of much of their punch and might even preventone from seeing the light of day.    Nakasone has insisted that the government would not draw upa package of short-term economic measures until after its1987/88 budget passed parliament because he feared that wouldamount to a tacit admission that the budget was inadequate.    But his hopes for quick passage of the budget in time forhis trip have been shattered by a parliamentary boycott byopposition parties protesting over the sales tax plan.    Faced with the possibility that he might have to go to theU.S. Virtually empty-handed, Nakasone today ordered his rulingLiberal Democratic Party (LDP) to come up with its ownmeasures.    He can then tell Reagan the LDP package will form the basisof the government's plans, without losing face in parliamentover the budget, political analysts said.    Officials working on the government's short-term economicpackage said it would probably include interest rate cuts onloans by government corporations, deregulation, measures topass on some of the benefits of the strong yen to consumers inthe form of lower prices, and accelerated public investment.    They said a record portion of state investment planned forthe entire 1987/88 fiscal year will take place in the firsthalf, probably over 80 pct.    Diplomats said that was unlikely to be enough to satisfyReagan, who is under pressure from the Democrat-controlled U.S.Congress to take greater action to cut the huge American tradedeficit.    To complement the short-term measures, Nakasone is alsolikely to present Reagan with details of Japan's longer-termeconomic plans.    A high-ranking advisory body headed by former Bank of Japangovernor Haruo Maekawa is expected to come up with a finalreport outlining concrete steps to redirect the economy daysbefore Nakasone is scheduled to leave for Washington.    Its recommendations are designed as a follow-up toMaekawa's report last year on economic restructuring and arelikely to cover such potentially politically explosive areas asagricultural reform and land policy, officials said.    While wanting to make the report as explicit and detailedas possible, they said the political realities might force themto water down some of the committee's recommendations.    A subcommittee is considering what the Japanese economymight look like in the medium to longer term after it undergoesmassive restructuring, officials said. The subcommitteeprojects that the current account surplus will fall to lessthan two pct of Japan's total output, or gross nationalproduct, around 1993 or 1995. Last year the surplus, whichmeasures trade in goods and services, amounted to over four pctof gnp.    The subcommittee also projects annual economic growth forJapan of nearly four pct over that period and a very gradualappreciation of the yen, to about 130 to the dollar by around1993, from 150 now. REUTER&#3;