Share analysts and commentators sayVolkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F> has suffered an enormous loss of facefrom which it could take time to recover over its 473 mln markcurrency swindle.    An auditors' report on the affair, prepared in time forthis week's annual shareholders' meeting, largely cleared themanagement of Volkswagen of blame.    But "mud sticks," said Gavin Launder, an analyst withScrimgeour Vickers in London.    (See index on ECRA)    The financial daily, Boersenzeitung, wrote in a commentary:"More devastating than the losses linked to the currency scandalis the resulting loss of image for the company."    VW had to make provisions of 473 mln marks to cover lossesfrom unauthorised foreign exchange deals which the auditors,Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft, said highlighted major gaps inthe supervisory apparatus of the firm's financial department.    The auditors' report highlighted failings in VW'scontrolling system, especially in relation to a 385 mln markdeal with the Hungarian National Bank, but shed little light onwhy they were made.     It said the contracts did not benefit VW and were onlyadvantageous to its banks. It did not detail how the foreignexchange dealers may have profitted.    It concluded: "The nature, scope and technical constructionof the deals ... Suggest a targeted and professionally executedmanipulation to the detriment of VW."    The head of the finance department, Rolf Selowsky, resigneddays after the scandal broke in March. He is not accused of anywrongdoing, but auditors concluded he had "not applied thenecessary diligence in all instances."    Two former VW foreign exchange dealers have been arrested.    But even VW admits that the report, published last week,revealed important company failings.    Peter Frerk, who has temporarily taken over Selowsky'sreponsibilities, said the findings were "not a first classacquittal." The currency swindle was a "lamentable event for ourcompany," he told journalists.    The auditors said the remaining members of VW's managementboard and supervisory board had correctly fulfilled theirobligations, a verdict which almost certainly means that majorWest German banks, who vote on behalf of large numbers ofshareholders, will ratify both boards at the July 2 meeting.    Many market analysts, especially in London, do not believea sharp rise in VW's share price last week reflects a majorreassessment of the firm on the basis of the auditors' report.    The stock closed at 430 marks on Friday, up 11 pct from aweek earlier. Dealers referrred to short-term bargain-hunting,and one London broker said "I'm not sure it's much of a bargain."Most brokers said they would not recommend clients to buy atthese levels.    Analysts believe VW will do well to match its 1986 groupnet profit of 582 mln marks this year, and one broker in Londonsaid the company would be lucky to report profits only 15 pctdown.    VW is expected to fare very well both in its home marketand in Europe. But sales have fallen sharply in the U.S andBrazil, where the latest price freeze could exacerbate resultseven further.    The company hopes to benefit in the long term from itstakeover of the Spanish company SEAT, but this subsidiary isstill producing losses.    VW has also just announced a deal to build light pick-uptrucks with Toyota Motor Corp &lt;TOYO.T> at an under-utilisedplant in Hanover, but analysts noted production here was onlyexpected to take off fully in 1990. REUTER&#3;