Reports the Soviet Union has latelyextended its recent buying programme by taking five to eightraws cargoes from the free market at around 30/40 points underNew York May futures highlight recent worldwide demand forsugar for a variety of destinations, traders said.    The Soviet buying follows recent whites buying by India,Turkey and Libya, as well as possible raws offtake by China.    Some 300,000 to 400,000 tonnes could have changed hands incurrent activity, which is encouraging for a sugar trade whichpreviously saw little worthwhile end-buyer enquiry, they added.    Dealers said a large proportion of the sales to the SovietUnion in the past few days involved Japanese operators sellingThai origin sugar.    Prices for nearby shipment Thai sugars have tightenedconsiderably recently due to good Far Eastern demand, possiblyfor sales to the Soviet Union or to pre-empt any large blockenquiries by China, they said.    Thai prices for March/May 15 shipments have hardened toaround 13/14 points under May New York from larger discountspreviously, they added.    Traders said the Soviet Union might be looking to buy moresugar in the near term, possibly towards an overall requirementthis year of around two mln tonnes. It is probable that some1.8 mln tonnes have already been taken up, they said.    Turkey was reported this week to have bought around 100,000tonnes of whites while India had further whites purchases oftwo to three cargoes for Mar/Apr at near 227 dlrs a tonne costand freight and could be seeking more. Libya was also a buyerthis week, taking two cargoes of whites which, for anundisclosed shipment period, were reported priced around229/230 dlrs a tonne cost and freight, they added.    Futures prices reacted upwards to the news of end-buyerphysicals offtake, although much of the enquiry emergedrecently when prices took an interim technical dip, traderssaid.    Pakistan is lined up shortly to buy 100,000 tonnes ofwhites although traders said the tender, originally scheduledfor tomorrow, might not take place until a week later.    Egypt will be seeking 20,000 tonnes of May arrival whitesugar next week, while Greece has called an internal EC tenderfor 40,000 tonnes of whites to be held in early April, forarrival in four equal parts in May, June, July and August. REUTER&#3;