Commercial Union Assurance &lt;CUAC.L>, acomposite insurance company in the U.K., Said it is arranging afinancing facility totalling 750 mln European Currency Units(ECUs) which will now include a medium term note program.    Barry Cameron-Smail, Commercial Union's treasurer, said thenew financing will not increase its debt outstanding but ratheract as an umbrella for all its financing needs.     Commercial Union has had a Euro-commercial paper programsince the autumn of 1985 and a guilder commercial paper programsince January 1986.    Cameron-Smail said Commercial Union decided on having thefinancing denominated in ECUs because it is more stable thanmost major currencies, and because it would give greaterflexibility in its financings as it expands operations abroad.    Although banks are anxious to develop a market for mediumterm notes, only a few companies such as Electrolux AB andPepsico Inc have gone so far as to arrange one. CommercialUnion is the first U.K. Company to set up such a program.    Cameron-Smail said the company seeks to help thedevelopment of such a market as it would provide a new fundingbase for its medium term assets.     Cameron-Smail said that aside from traditional lines ofbusiness, Commercial Union would like to move into other areaswhere it may not be able to fund the assets itself. "This (themedium term note program) will be the platform for developingthose assets," he said.    He said Commercial Union will work closely with dealers forthe note program to find the right pricing level to satisfyinvestor demands. The program will be investor driven, henoted, adding that the company wants the notes placed with endinvestors and not traded in the secondary market.    Commercial Union will be able to issue medium term notes inU.S. Dollars or sterling, with the dollar notes listed inLuxembourg, while the sterling notes will be listed in London.    Bankers expect that the maturities will be concentrated inthe one to five year area.    The dealers for the program are Barclays de Zoete Wedd,Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd, Goldman Sachs International,Swiss Bank Corporation International Ltd and S.G. Warburg andCo Ltd. REUTER&#3;