Treasury Secretary James Baker saidthe floating exchange rate system has not been as effective ashad been hoped in promoting stability and preventing imbalancesfrom emerging in the global economy.    In remarks before the afternoon session of theInternational Monetary Fund's Interim Committee, Baker said hewas not suggesting that the system should be abandoned.    "But I do suggest," he said, "that we need something to giveit more stability and to keep it headed in the right directionwhen the wind shifts."    He said that indicators can serve "as a kind of compass" butadded that structural indicators can help focus attention onsome policies.    Baker, however, said the IMF "needs to move beyondmacroeconomic indicators and find structural indicators thatcan help focus attention on some of the policies of specificrelevance to the imbalances we face today."    The Treasury Secretary said that indicators should be givena more prominent role in the annual economic reviews -- ArticleIV consultations -- that the Fund performs.    Baker also told the policy making group that it was timefor the IMF to adopt earlier recommendations making IMFsurveillance more relevant to national policymakers and thepublic.    "In particular, we urge increased publicity for IMFappraisals developed in Article IV consultations, the use offollow-up reports on country actions to implement IMFrecommendations, and greater use of special consultationprocedures," he said.    Baker emphasized that indicators were a device "for movingbeyond rhetoric to action."    He said they provide "more structure to the system, andinduce more discipline and peer pressure into the process ofpolicy coordination."    He said the Fund's procedures for surveillance need to bereviewed and updated to reflect the use of indicators.    "This should be matter of priority for the executive board,"he said.    Baker also urged the Fund to develop alternativemedium-term economic scenarios for countries that "can help usfocus even more clearly on the most important imbalances, byidentifying options for addressing them and analyzing theimplications of these options."    He said also that further work should be done on findingpaths that lead toward possible medium-term objectives.    "If we are to take effective remedial action when there aresignificant deviations from an intended course, then we musthave more definitive ways of indentifying the right course forkey variables," he said. Reuter&#3;