Owners of two aluminum smelters inKentucky received temporary relief from higher electric ratesafter a decision Tuesday by state regulators denying a ratehike to (Big Rivers Electric Corp) of Henderson, Ky.    But the owners of the smelters, (National SouthwireAluminum Co) and Alcan Aluminium Ltd &lt;AL>, said furtherviability of the operations would depend in part upon how therate case is eventually settled.    "We're hoping for no rate increases but we can't say forsure. It's still possible we'll have to close the smelter," aNational Southwire spokesman said. He said there were othervariables to consider in any decision whether to close orcontinue the smelter, located in Hawesville, about 60 mileswest of Louisville.    National Southwire is owned by National Intergroup Inc&lt;NII>, which holds about 55 pct, and (Southwire Co), whichholds the rest, the spokesman said.    A spokesman for Montreal-based Alcan said, "The decision is48 pages long and is in legal-ese, so it certainly will be along time before we can make a decision" about what it meansfor the Sebree smelter in Henderson, about 100 miles west ofLouisville. "But we're delighted that Big Rivers Electric wasdenied the requested rate increase."    A spokesman for the utility, a cooperative that generatesand wholesales electricity to four distributors, said therequested increase was 7.5 mln dlrs a year over 1985 rates.    The Kentucky Public Service Commission, in denying theincrease, asked the utility to meet with creditors, whichinclude Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC> and Irving Bank Corp&lt;V>, and the smelters, to renegotiate a rate plan, the utilityspokesman said.    The commission suggested that Big Rivers Electric work outa flexible rate schedule with the smelters that would indextheir electric costs to the price of aluminum, he said.    "We have always been amenable to try, as far as we can, toassure that the two aluminum smelters remain viable," he said.    No meetings are scheduled and none have been plannedbetween the utility, its creditors and the aluminum plantowners. The commission has set a hearing on the rate issue forJuly 28. Reuter&#3;