The U.S. House Agriculture Committeeapproved proposals to extend the life of the Export EnhancementProgram, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reaganadministration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.    The proposals were approved as amendments to acomprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committeeapproved several proposals which could restrict imports oflamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Thoseamendments affecting imports face an uncertain future becausethe House Ways and Means Committee, which has overalljurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,Congressional sources said.    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend thelife of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather thanthe current three years through fiscal 1988.    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., alsowould increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from1.5 billion now.    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered byRep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Departmentto value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisitionvalue. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pctless expensive to operate.    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered byRep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administrationmake an offer, but urges such action.    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. GlennEnglish, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture tobegin discussions with other major grain producing countriesaimed at jointly reducing world grain production.    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed theamendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approvedby the panel, the most significant would require quotas onimports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farmproduct that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offeredby Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily atcurbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar andforeign foods containing dairy products. It also may affectpeanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports ofcasein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by NewZealand and Ireland.    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the samecountercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.beef imports.    Other miscellaneous amendments included:    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating againstJapan and South Korea if those countries do not removerestrictions on beef imports.    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shippedeach year under a food aid program called Section 416 to800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study ofthe Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat todetermine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse theNational Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for thecosts of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against aCanadian countervailing duty case this year.    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decisionto apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by theEuropean Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a NationalCommission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended areorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus. Reuter&#3;