The Group of Seven industrialisedcountries will make use of next week's International MonetaryFund meetings in Washington to evaluate the Paris accord oncurrency stabilisation, U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson told reporters.    "On Tuesday I shall be going to Washington for meetings ofthe (IMF) Interim Committee and Development Committee, and weshall of course be having a meeting of the G-7," Lawson said.    "And on the G-7, although there is no formal agenda, I wouldimagine that the first thing we do would be to review how theParis accord has gone since it was agreed in February."    Lawson said G-7 finance ministers will be reviewingmedium-term economic objectives and projections involvingdomestic and external variables. Also examined will beperformance indicators for each country.    The Paris accord set objectives for such sectors as growth,inflation, current account and trade balances, budgetperformances, monetary conditions and exchange rates.    Lawson said "At both the G-7 and the Interim Committee wewill undoubtedly be discussing the debt problem. Clearly thedebt problem is still with us, and still with us in quite a bigway."    "In many ways the problems of the big debtor countries, andindeed the poorest countries, are every bit as acute as theywere when they began. It will be with us for a very long time."    Lawson said he knew of no new debt initiative which mightbe presented and discussed next week in Washington. "We've gotto go on a case-by-case basis," Lawson said.  Possibilities fora coordinated approach to the problem would be something hewould raise within the IMF, Lawson said.    He noted the rise this week in U.S. Short-term interestrates, and said that a significant rise in borrowing costswould make the debt problem more acute.    Special attention would go to Brazil next week, but Lawsonadded, "I do not expect anything to come to a head on that."    Lawson said he told Brazilian Finance Minister DilsonFunaro here in February that Britain would not intervene andpress British commercial banks into giving Brazil easierborrowing conditions. "I told him it was a matter for the banks,not governments," Lawson said.    The IMF Interim Committee is to meet formally in Washingtonnext Thursday, while the Development Committee was set toconvene on Friday, Treasury officials said. REUTER&#3;