Amid new concerns about inflation,interest rate increases and trade confrontations,finance ministers and central bankers meet next week to discussa deteriorating global debt and economic situation.    The meetings, under the auspices of the InternationalMonetary Fund and World Bank, come as interest rates areturning higher and the already-weak dollar has sunk further,upsetting bond and stock markets.    Uncertainty is growing about the vitality of the globaleconomy and whether the heavily-indebted countries can continueto carry the burden of their growing debt without vast newassistance.    Monetary and diplomatic sources said there are no signsany new debt initiative of the sort that Treasury SecretaryJames Baker unveiled 18 months ago in Seoul is in the works.    The strategy has drawn a serious challenge from Brazil,which suspended interest payments on 67 billion dlrs ofcommercial bank debt last month. The Banks have responded bylaying the groundwork for writing down Brazilian loans.    Separately, French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac, in avisit earlier this week with President Reagan, sounded out theadministration on a plan to funnel worldwide grain surpluses tothe very poorest states.    The French plan is certain to be discussed by the ministersin detail during next week's meetings and will undoubtedly beembraced by the developing countries.    "There's interest on the part of some countries for lookingat the support of the special problems of the very poorestcountries, because their position is so extreme," a Reaganadministration official said.    He suggested Washington was open to disussing the issue.    The meetings will also assess the success of the Baker debtinitiative, which called for new funding to help debtorcountries grow out of their problems.    The largest industrial countries have been attempting tocoordinate economic policy in the hope of controlling thedecline of the dollar, U.S. trade and budget deficits and otherproblems.    At the same time, the industrial countries see littleevidence of a strengthening of economic activity and the Fundforecasts they will grow 2.5 pct.    The United States sees 3.2 pct growth for itself, continuing its expansion for a fifth year, and has asked otherindustrial countries to stimulate their economies.    These issues directly affect the debt problem and theability of the debtor countries to grow out of theirdifficulties.    In recent years, U.S. markets have absorbed the exports ofdeveloping country, allowing them to earn critical foreignexchange. But the United States wants to cut its trade deficit,running at a record 169.8 billion dlrs, and is pressing othersto import more from developing countries.    The discussions, from April six to 10, will bewide-ranging, touching everything from interest rates to theimpact of development loans on the environment, according tomonetary sources.    The talks will include an examination of tradeprotectionist pressures in the wake of a decision by the Reaganadministration to place some 300 mln dlrs in tariffs onmicrochip products from Japan, the sources said.    The move accelerated the dollar's decline as financialmarkets grew alarmed that trade war was in the offing.    There is concern that the action, prompted by U.S. chargesthat Japan has been selling computer chip products below fairmarket value and has kept its own market closed to imports,further undermining the international trading system.    At the same time, the ministers will discuss thefundamental price weakness in basic commodities, the exportmainstay of many developing countries.    The so-called Group of Five industrial countries -- theUnited States, Japan, West Germany, France and Britain -- willgather for the first time since their February talks in Paris,where they agreed to keep the dollar from sliding further.    The Five will be joined later by Italy and Canada forfurther debate on economic policy coordination.    As part of the Paris accord, surplus countries such asJapan agreed to stimulate their economies, while Americasaid it would reduce its federal budget deficit.    Other major issues of the meetings include a U.S. bid to tohave a larger say in approving loans of the Inter-AmericanDevelopment Bank, strengthening the link between loans andeconomic policy changes in debtor nations.    Washington is also pressing the World Bank to take moreaccount of the environment when making loan for dams and otherprojects.    The new head of the Bank, Barber Conable, has said thisissue is being reviewed and will be part of a reorganizationplan for the Bank, now being prepared. Reuter&#3;