Higher crude oil prices will raisedemand for natural gas, helping it to reclaim market share lostto heavy oil when prices plunged in 1986, analysts said.    The analysts said that these efforts will be mostsuccessful in the industrial sectors of the economy with largeand growing energy requirements.    "Natural gas stands a good chance to recapture the share ofoil supplied to electric utilities that it lost to the residualfuel industry last year," Michael Smolinski, an energyeconomist with Data Resources Inc, told Reuters.    An estimated 200,000 barrels per day of residual fuel wentinto the utilities market at the expense of natural gas lastyear when world oil prices plunged, Smolinski said.     Assuming oil prices hold above 15 dlrs a barrel, nationalaverage gas prices delivered to the utilities at a projected2.10 to 2.25 dlrs per mln Btu would be very competitive,Michael German, vice president of economic analysis at AmericanGas Association said.    The average delivered prices at the end of January were2.10 dlrs per mln Btu, compared with 3.26 dlrs a year ago.    "We expect natural gas to regain 250 to 400 billion cubicfeet (of demand) in the overall energy market in the second andthird quarter (1987)," he said.    In addition to price competitiveness, availability will bean important factor persuading energy users to switch to gas,Frank Spadine, senior energy economist with Bankers Trust Corp.in New York noted.    Spadine said the mild winter in many parts of the NorthAmerican continent has led to a build up of gas inventories andless would be necessary to replenish underground storage thisspring freeing gas for spot sales.    These forecasts develop a strong counterpoint to the fearsthat natural gas suplies would be tight and pricessignificantly higher given a sharp decline in drilling lastyear.    AGA's German contended that despite the drilling decline,much of U.S. proved reserves could be brought to productionquickly through developments such as the infill drilling whichpermits more wells to be drilled in proved reserve basins.    Citing recent EIA statistics, German said, the gas surpluswas likely to contract from three trillion cubic feet in 1986to two trillion cubic feet in 1987, but the surplus would notgo away until 1990.    Smolinski of Data Resources agreed that the surplus wouldpersist until 1990. While gas supplies may tighten in certainconsuming areas, notably in California and in the NortheastU.S., an overall shortfall appeared remote. Reuter&#3;