Talks are underway between financiallytroubled Zaire and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) aimedat rescuing the economy of the second largest nation insub-Saharan Africa.    Diplomatic and banking sources in Kinshasa agreed that acompromise formula could be reached in the coming weeksenabling pro-Western Zaire to obtain a much needed injection ofcash.    For its part the government is expected to increasebudgetary discipline, which in turn is likely to attractforeign investors, the sources said.    "Barring last-ditch obstacles, which can't be totally ruledout in an issue involving a nation's pride and substantialpolitical and economic interests, Zaire and its creditors arebound to come to terms soon," a Western diplomat told Reuters.    "The Zairean economy won't survive without massive IMFassistance. Similarily, the West has no interest to see Zaire'sstrategic minerals fall into communist hands," the diplomatsaid.    Zaire defied its creditors late last year by saying itwould limit repayments on its five billion dlr external debt to10 pct of its export earnings from January 1987.    The government also announced an end to the floatingexchange rate for the zaire currency and a return to a fixedparity against special drawing rights (SDRs) with periodicadjustments.    Until last year, Zaire devoted up to 28 pct of its exportrevenue to servicing large foreign debts contracted during thecopper boom of the 1970's to finance largely non-productive andoften extravagant investment projects.    Zaire, the world's leading cobalt producer and the sixthlargest supplier of copper, depends on the two minerals fortwo-thirds of its export earnings.    "A young country cannot go on indefinitely sacrificingeverything for the sake of servicing its external debt,"President Mobutu Sese Seko commented in October when heannounced his government's decision.    As early as January 1986, Mobutu had warned that "one doesnot feed on austerity and praise. I have another debt, onetoward my people and my people's efforts must not backfire," hetold diplomats.    Zaire pointed out that during four years of IMF-backedausterity (1983-86), it had become a net exporter of capitalwithout receiving appropriate financing from abroad.    Economists said that since the large devaluation of thezaire currency in September 1983, the country suffered a netoutflow of 830 mln dlrs each year.    Zaire's medium and long term public debt in the past fewyears reached an equivalent of about 100 pct of its GrossNational Product (GNP), one of the highest such ratios in theworld, banking sources said.    Mobutu accused the IMF of "strangling" his country at anOctober meeting of the ruling MPR party and said his peoplecould not long endure the hardship caused by austerity.    Zairean officials blame their present difficulties on theIMF recovery plan's two basic assumptions which, they said,failed to materialise last year,    - a world economic recovery pushing up commodity prices andboosting Zaire's export revenue and debt servicing capacity,    - substantial, additional financial help from the country'straditional donors.    In 1983 Zaire set out on a major economic reform aimed atcurbing its soaring debt. It floated its currency, slashedspending and privatised industry, gaining praise from Westerncreditors and obtaining debt rescheduling.    As a result, the overall economic and financial situationimproved markedly, with inflation down to 41 pct last year from100 pct in 1983.    But it also led to a severe and steady fall in livingstandards for Zaire's 35 mln population, fuelling widespreaddiscontent among poorer city dwellers, diplomats said.    Economists estimate the drop in purchasing power at between20 and 35 pct for an average household over the last 12 months,despite a pay rise of up to 67 pct for civil servants announcedlast May.    The World Bank has released in the last two months half ofa previously-agreed 80 mln dlrs industrial sector loan and lent27.6 mln dlrs to modernise the country's vital river transportsystem.    Belgium, Zaire's former colonial ruler and its main tradingpartner, recently agreed to release a total of 17 mln dlrs toease payments difficulties and finance imports of spare partsfor industry.    A new agreement between the IMF and Zaire would pave theway for another debt rescheduling, probably at the next meetingof the Paris Club of Western creditor nations, diplomats said. REUTER&#3;