European Community (EC) agricultureministers gave their support in principle for a new scheme tolimit spending on the bloc's controversial farm policy at ameeting in Luxembourg on Tuesday, Danish minister LauritsTornaes told journalists.    Acceptance of the scheme, by which farmers would sufferprice cuts if their production exceeded certain norms, known inEC jargon as stabilisers, is seen by diplomats as vital if theEC is to solve its current massive budget crisis.    Speaking at a news conference after chairing a two-daymeeting of farm ministers, Tornaes said: "It is no longer aquestion of whether we are to have stabilisers. It is now aquestion of how we are to implement them."    However, EC sources warned that despite Tornaes' optimism,it may be difficult to get the sort of detailed agreementneeded on the stabiliser scheme ahead of an EC heads ofgovernment meeting in Copenhagen on December 6.    This is the vital meeting at which EC leaders will be askedto agree a new system of EC financing, ending the bloc'shand-to-mouth existence which has resulted in its being unableto agree a budget for 1988.    Britain has said it will block moves to give the ECadditional sources of finance unless a detailed system ofstabilisers is agreed at or ahead of the summit.    Under the most important stabiliser scheme, EC guaranteedprices for cereals would be cut by one percentage point forevery per cent by which the annual harvest exceeded 155 mlntonnes, a figure well below what EC farmers are capable ofproducing in a year of favourable weather conditions.   Farm ministers will meet again on November 16 to attempt tohammer out an accord, and Danish diplomatic sources said themeeting could last through several long nights of negotiation.    But Tornaes said any thought that success was notultimately possible would be a gesture of retreat at thisstage.    EC Commission sources said among the remaining problemswere appeals from Southern member states for protection fortheir small and relatively poor farmers, and calls from Franceand the Netherlands for significant changes to Commissionproposals for arable crops.    They added that West Germany appears still reluctant toaccept the idea of production ceilings being set at the levelof the EC as a whole rather than that of member states.    Meanwhile, the ministers made little progress in agreeing ascheme to top up the income of poorer farmers through directpayments, which could help to cushion the impact of stabiliserson them.    British minister John MacGregor told journalists :"Theproposals as they stand have very few friends."    He said a number of countries fear they could simplyencourage further unwanted production by giving farmers thecash to improve production methods. Reuter&#3;