Japan will seek to strengthen theParis accord on currency stability at the meeting of the groupof seven leading industrial nations tomorrow, Japaneseofficials said.    However, the officials travelling with Japanese FinanceMinister Kiichi Miyazawa and who asked not to be identified,would not provide any details of how they wanted the accord,which was signed by the six leading industrial democracies inFebruary, to be strengthened.    Currency target zones, or reference ranges, will not bediscussed at the G-7 meeting which is scheduled for tomorrow,the Japanese officials said.    The meeting, which is being held in conjunction with thisweek's International Monetary Fund/World Bank sessions, willreaffirm the currency pact and there is no need for changing the language used in the Paris accord, the officials said.    Miyazawa met with U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker earlyin this afternoon and discussed the dollar/yen exchange rates,officials said, but they declined to disclosed the details ofthat discussion.    The Japanese officials also declined to detail whatMiyazawa and Baker discussed on the subject of greater jointintervention in currency markets to stabilize the dollar or onindependent American intervention.    The officials said such a money market action to stabilizethe dollar is not only for the benefit of Japan, which issuffering from a sharp appreciation in its currency, but alsofor the benefit of the United States as well.    As to U.S. urgings for Japan to take steps to boost itsdomestic demand to reduce its trade surplus, Japan will explaineconomic measures to the G-7, the officials said.    However, Miyazawa failed to outline the size of theJapanese economic package in his meeting with Baker todaybecause the Japanese 1987/88 budget has not been authorized bythe Diet, or parliament, despite the new fiscal year whichstarted April one, the officials said.    Japan's ruling liberal democratic party revealed its owneconomic package today calling for more than 5,000 billion yenin additional spending. Reuter&#3;