Efforts by governments to control wheatsurpluses by cutting support prices have met with only partialsuccess, the International Wheat Council (IWC) says in itslatest monthly report.    Faster results could be achieved by a policy of reducingboth price and areas, as employed in the United States, the IWCsays in a survey of support prices in the five main wheatexporters - Argentina, Australia, Canada, the EC and the U.S.    In some countries, for example Australia and Argentina,which are highly dependent on wheat shipments for exportincome, there may be problems in reducing production.    A policy of cutting wheat production could lead tounemployment, with job prospects outside agriculture limited.Alternative crops may offer inferior returns which could thenlead to lost export revenue and balance of payments problems.    The IWC outlines three courses of action open togovernments in wheat exporting countries.    They could continue to support prices in the hope that whenthe world economy improves demand for wheat will rise andsurpluses wil be reduced or eliminated.    Alternatively, support could be limited to wheat whichcould be easily sold, without needing to be stored for a longperiod.    This option may prove to be the most politicallyunattractive and would result in many producers abandoningwheat production, the report said.    The third option would be for governments to distinguishbetween the commercial and social aspects of agriculture,possibly varying support prices according to farm size oroverall production.    The IWC review covers support prices in the major exportingcountries since 1982. At some time during that period all theproducers cut support prices in response to growing surpluses.    These changes did not always result in lower exportsubsidies as on several occasions currency fluctuations morethan offset lower prices in the domestic currency.    For example between 1985/86 and 1986/87 the EC interventionprice for bread wheat fell from 209.30 to 179.44 Europeancurrency units (Ecus). It dollar terms, the currency in whichmost export transactions are denominated, the interventionprice however rose to 193 dlrs from 168. The high cost ofsupporting farm prices has put a strain on national exchequersand some governments are now searching for ways to cutexpenditure, the report says.    The proportion of world wheat output produced by the fivemajor exporters declined in the period covered by the surveyfrom 40 pct in 1982 to 35 pct in 1987. This was partly due toincreased production in China and India.    The period saw an upward trend in yields, although this wascountered in the Argentina, the U.S. And Australia by loweracreages.    In Argentina a reduction in the sown area of about 20 percent was put down to low prices causing producers to switch toother enterprises, particularly livestock while lower U.S.Acreages are attributed to official incentives. REUTER&#3;