Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM> said MagmaCopper Co's certificate of incorporation and by-laws have beenrestated to limit the transferability of the company's stock.    In an information statement on its decision to distributeMagma stock as a dividend, Newmont said the changes "willimpede any change of control of Magma."    It said this has been done by authorizing two closses ofcommon stock -- 60 mln class A shares with one vote each and38.1 mln class B shares with four votes each. In the dividendof one Magma share for each Newmont share outstanding announcedTuesday, Class B shares are being distributed.    Newmont is distributing 30,458,100 Magma shares, or 80 pctof the Class B common, to its shareholders.    It said this stock will be transferable as Class B stockuntil one entity acquires over 10 pct of the shares.    Any shares over 10 pct of those outstanding willautomatically be changed by the transfer agent to Class Astock, Newmont said.    The company said there are two exceptions under the bylaws-- the 15 pct of Magma's stock it is retaining and the 21 pctwhich will be held by &lt;Consolidated Gold Fields PLC> as aresult of its ownership of that portion of Newmont.    However, Newmont Secretary Roger Adams said, any additionalMagma shares acquired by Newmont or Consolidated willautomatically become Class A shares.    None of the authorized Class A shares is being distributedat this point, Newmont said.    The company also said five pct of Magma's stock is beingheld in trust for members of Magma's management.    Newmont said Magma's restated certificate of incorporationalso limits change in control of the company by dividing theboard into three classes serving staggered terms.    Newmont said the new Magma rules also provide thatshareholder action can be taken only at shareholder meetings,prohibiting shareholder action by written consent, and include"fair price" provisions limiting combinations with any holderof more than 10 pct of Magma's voting power. Reuter&#3;