The economy faces lackluster growthand the risk of recession this year if the recent improvementin U.S. exports should falter, economists say.    Growth will slow sharply in the next months due to weaknessin the key housing and auto sectors and could be furtherhampered unless consumer spending picks up, they say.    "These factors raise the question: Is there enough strengthto keep the economy from tipping into a recession?" said LyleGramley, chief economist of the Mortgage BankersAssociation and a former Federal Reserve Board official.    The Commerce Department said this week that the economygrew by a robust 4.8 pct annual rate in the first quarter, buta U.S. monetary official called it a weak report.    Housing starts fell 2.7 pct in May, and consumer spendingrose a weak 0.1 per cent.    "Our two largest visible industries -- autos and housing --are faltering, but exports are picking up some of the slack, "Martin Mauro, senior economist for Merrill Lynch Economics,told Reuters.    Gramley said he is worried that consumer spending may slowbecause inflation is rising faster than real wages.    To offset this, U.S. exports must continue to rise,returning enough jobs to the manufacturing sector to boostpersonal income and consumption, he says.    "I expect to see enough improvement in real net exports tokeep a recession from happening, but it is a close call,"Gramley said.    Federal Reserve Board Governor Martha Seger told reportersthat the apparent strength in the 4.8 pct growth figure was theresult of a temporary buildup in inventories that will not lastand said the recovery was showing anemia.    Seger said that with the recovery stumbling along, "The paceof the economy and the lack of robustness must be factored intomonetary policy" - possibly a signal that the Fed will beaccommodative.    Most economists predict growth slower than the 3 pctforecast by the Reagan administration for 1987 and warn that ifthe dollar drops suddenly, higher inflation will result and addto the risk of a recession.    Mauro said a 0.5 pct rise in industrial production in Maycame despite cutbacks in output in the auto industry, where aninventory overhang still exists.    He says the boost in production came from smallerindustries like paper, chemicals, and lumber which haveimproved sales overseas due to the drop in the dollar.    "They are not going to be enough for any kind of surge ineconomic activity, but I think they will keep us out of arecession," Mauro said.    In a speech to financial planners this week, BerylSprinkel, the chief White House economic adviser, predicted thetrade deficit will continue to improve.    "Prospects for continued economic growth through 1987 andinto 1988 are still quite favorable," he said.    But private economists raise concerns about a resurgence ininflation.    Allen Sinai, chief economist at Shearson Lehman BrothersInc., told Congress this week that inflation would rise to 4.5to five pct this year and stay at that level through 1989 aftera 1.1 pct increase in 1986.    The rise is coming from a sharply lower dollar, higher oiland energy prices and rising prices for services, he said.    "The lesson of history is that once the inflation genie getsout of the bottle, it continues to persist," he said, adding hewould like the Fed to tighten credit.    A major factor affecting inflation is the value of thedollar, which should continue to fall and feed inflation, saysa prominent international banker.    Rainer Gut, chairman of Credit Suisse, told the NationalPress Club that the dollar's downward trend against the yen andthe mark will continue for years because the United States isthe world's largest debtor nation.    The Swiss banker said the economic indicators point to afurther slackening of activity and called naive the belief thatthe five-year boom on world equity markets will go on forever."It is very difficult to be optimistic," Gut said. Reuter&#3;