An audit submitted to the GeorgiaPublic Service Commission claims that between 944 mln dlrs and1.8 billion dlrs of the costs of the Plant Vogtle nuclear powerstation should be disallowed, a Southern Co spokeswoman said.    Southern's Georgia Power Co subsidiary has a 45.7 pctinterest in the plant and estimated earlier this year it wouldcost a total of 8.87 billion dlrs. Last year, the plant'sowners pledged to Georgia regulators they would limit the costpassed on to rate payers to 8.4 billion dlrs.    The Southern spokeswoman said the company feels the reportby O'Brien-Kreitzberg is "flawed and biased." She said thereport was released yesterday by the state attorney general.    Responding to the report today, Georgia Power ChairmanRobert W. Scherer told a news conference the conclusions drawnby the firm "are not only wrong -- they also reflect the samebias against nuclear power that these auditors havedemonstrated in similar cases accross the country."    Saying he was not suggesting Georgia power was withoutfault, Scherer said "the audit identified several things I wishwe had done differently."    Scherer pointed out a report O'Brien-Kreitzberg submittedto Georgia regulators in March 1986 projected Georgia Powerwould not finish Plant Vogtle unit one before the end of 1987.    Noting "unit one is finished, and we expect it to be incommercial operationg by June," he said the firm's latestreport ignored the earlier projection, gave the utility nocredit for the completion and "actually penalized us bysuggesting that costs to maintain t he schedule be disallowed."    Scherer said the latest audit alleges Georgia Power couldhave saved 95 mln dlrs if it had stopped using four shifts,seven days a week to speed construction three years sooner.    He said this would have delayed completion of the plant foranother year "and it would have cost several hunderd milliondlrs more."    Noting the audit said costs were increased 600 mln dlrs byschedule delays totaling 20.5 months, he said "First, we havethe best concrete placement record in the industry, Second newgovernment regulations after the Three Mile Island incidentsignificantly increased construction time.    Reuter&#3;