Key tax and budget lawmakersWednesday expressed reservations about the suggested newsecurities tax, which has has aroused concern on Wall Streetand put pressure on brokerage stocks.    Grappling with the need to either raise taxes or cutfederal spending to meet the fiscal 1988 budget deficit targetof 108 billion dlrs, House Speaker Jim Wright suggested the taxbe studied as one way to raise more federal revenues.    The Texas Democrat's idea as first presented to House Waysand Means Committee chairman Dan Rostenkowski this week wouldtax sales and purchases of securities. A tax of 0.25 to 0.5percent would raise from 8.5 to 17 billion dlrs a year.    Rostenkowski, the chief taxwriter, considers it too earlyto back any tax increase idea but agreed to add the securitiestransfer tax to a long list of tax alternatives under review bycongressional tax analysts, a spokesman said.    The Illinois Democrat has repeatedly stressed this year heis reluctant to back a tax increase so long as President Reaganmaintains his staunch opposition.    "First we've got to decide whether to raise additionalrevenues. Only then can we consider the specific options. Atthis point nothing is on or off the table. It's just too early,"Rostenkowski said in a statement.    He made no commitment to Wright in a private meetingTuesday, and in fact was not asked for one, a House sourcesaid. The idea was presented only as something that might ormight not be valuable, he said.    House Budget Committee chairman William Gray agreed it wasanother option to be looked at, if Congress decided it neededto raise revenues to reduce the deficit, an aide said.   The Pennsylvania Democrat does not intend to recommendspecific tax proposals, the aide said. The Budget Committeewill recommend a certain amount of revenue to be raised in1988, but will leave to the taxwriting committee the decisionon how the taxes will be raised.    The securities transfer tax would raise a hefty amount ofrevenue to ease Congress's difficult task of trimming thedeficit by 61 billion dlrs this year to meet the target.    But some in Congress feared that such a tax could drivesecurities business offshore and hurt U.S. investment, andthere were uncertainties about the details of the tax.    Democrats have not united behind any budget alternatives sofar this year. This week they are scheduled to discuss thebudget and possible spending cuts or tax increases but nodecisions are anticipated, congressional sources said.    At the same time, without President Reagan's assent to ageneral tax increase, they are left with piecemeal taxes thatare guaranteed to anger those who must pay.    "We could just do all of them," one congressional source saidof the various tax ideas -- excise taxes, securities taxes, oilimport fee and others. Reuter&#3;