CSR Ltd &lt;CSRA.S> has made a bold move inselling its oil and gas interests for almost a billion dlrs andploughing 150 mln into its traditional sugar business, shareanalysts said.    "It sounds like a good deal," Stuart McKibbin of &lt;A.C. Goodeand Co> told Reuters.    CSR said it had dropped plans to float its oil and gasinterests held in the &lt;Delhi Australia Fund> and would insteadsell it to Exxon Corp &lt;XON> unit &lt;Esso Exploration andProduction Australia Inc> for 985 mln dlrs.    In a twin announcement CSR, already Australia's largestsugar refiner, made a 2.20 dlr a share bid for the 70 pct itdoes not already hold in &lt;Pioneer Sugar Mills Ltd>.    "This will be a big shock to the market, which was under theimpression that CSR was well down the road to floating Delhi,"McKibbin said.    A float of part of Delhi would have raised between 200 and300 mln dlrs, but in opting to sell outright, CSR had givenitself the cash to practically eliminate its debt and embark onan ambitious expansion programme in its best-performingdivisions of sugar and building products, analysts said.    CSR not only gets the 985 mln dlrs but also has the rightto share equally with Esso any higher returns resulting from anoil price over 20 U.S. Dlrs a barrel in the next two years.    Delhi is one of Australia's largest onshore oil producersyielding about six mln barrels a year from the Cooper Basin.Analysts said the deal could net CSR as much as three mln dlrsfor every dollar rise in the oil price above 20 dlrs.    Neale Goldston-Morris of Sydney broker &lt;Bain and Co Ltd>said the move out of Delhi and investment in the sugar industrywas a sensible one but added that it represented the loss ofAustralian-owned assets to a foreign company.    "The farm they bought back a few years ago is being soldback to the Americans," Goldston-Morris said.    The Pioneer Sugar investment would make CSR by far thelargest player in Australia's 850 mln dlr a year sugar industryand would give it access to some of the best sugar propertiesand mills in the country, analysts said.    They said Pioneer Sugar was expected to recommendacceptance of the bid through which CSR would benefit from thebottom out of a cyclical downturn in sugar prices.    Sugar prices are forecast to rise to 340 dlrs a tonne nextseason from an estimated 270 dlrs this year, they said.    Selling Delhi meant CSR has finally quit a damaginginvestment, made in 1981, which has dragged down the company'soverall performance, analysts said.    CSR last year wrote off more than 550 mln dlrs in losses onwhat had been a 591 mln U.S. Dlr investment financed entirelyfrom U.S. Dollar debt, they said.    "It was a bad investment for them. They financed it entirelywith debt, the currency collapsed on them and then the oilprice collapsed on them," Owen Evans of Sydney broker &lt;Mearesand Philips Ltd> said.    Esso not only picked up Delhi's oil and gas output but alsogained as much as 300 mln dlrs in transferable tax lossesaccumulated in exploration allowances and other concessions.    Analysts said Esso also gained its first real onshore stakein Australia in its first major diversification from the 50/50Bass Strait partnership with The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd&lt;BRKN.S>.    "Esso has been very keen to diversify from the GippslandBasin. They haven't found too much oil in Bass Strait latelyand Esso needed a large pool of ongoing production,"Goldston-Morris said. REUTER&#3;