The Hong Kong dollar fixed rate marketwas shut down this afternoon after a 200 mln H.K. Dlrcertificate of deposit issue for the Chinese state-owned Bankof Communications Ltd Hong Kong branch suddenly surfaced,bankers said.    Disgruntled dealers said the market was slowly on the roadto recovery after a bout of sell-off that began in earlyFebruary but it was still too fragile to absorb a new issue.    Brokers said the new deal took them by surprise and allmajor players stopped making markets in existing issues.    The fixed rate market, which consists mainly of CDs tied toswaps or asset repackaging, began to fall about a month ago dueto indigestion after 18 CD issues totalling 2.3 billion dlrsflooded the market in January.    Bankers said the shake-up was a result of participantspushing the market up too fast in January amid intensespeculation that the Hong Kong dollar's 7.80 peg rate againstthe U.S. Dollar would soon be changed.    The speculation depressed local interest rates andunleashed a flood of new issues.    But the speculation faded in early February and interestrates climbed as the government remained adamant in maintainingthe peg, thus triggering an adjustment on the fixed ratecapital market.    By late February the market had recovered considerably butDai-Ichi Kangyo Bank and Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New Yorklaunched their issues and pushed the market down again. Sincethen there has been no new issues for nearly two weeks untilChina Development Finance Co (H.K.) Ltd (CDFC), a unit of theBank of China, launched the five-year deal at 7.05 pct withquarterly interest payment in mid-afternoon today.    Brokers said the market was steady early this morning butbegan to slip marginally by late morning as rumours of a newissue circulated.    When the deal was launched the major players quicklysuspended trading and refused to quote prices for their ownissues, brokers said. "We just don't know where the market isgoing," said a European banker.    They said the Bank of Communications issue traded at a lowof 99.70 but was later pushed up to 99.90/95, within the 10basis point fee, adding that buying came mainly from sisterbanks in the Bank of China group.    An official with one of the Chinese banks said the deal waslaunched at an effective yield of 7.26 pct, in line with themarket at that time.    But a European banker said pricing was not an issue IN thepresent market conditionS, "the timing was just not right."    "If banks had more patience they wouldn't launch any issuesnow, and then the market would be all right," another dealersaid.    "But there is no reason to be overly pessimistic," he said."The effect of this issue on the market should not be as bad aswhat happened after the DKB and Morgan deals."    Despite the criticism bankers said CDFC still managed torecruit more than 10 underwriters though the composition of thegroup has not yet been finalised.    "Any trader should recommend his bank against joining thedeal," said a dealer. "But there are other considerations such asrelationship." He admitted his bank has joined as co-manager.    A banker said he saw no reason why the market makersdecided to shut down if they were willing to join the newissue.    "Perhaps they were jealous that for the first time a Chineseentity has taken the sole lead position for a Chinese issue," hesaid.    Previously Chinese entities have always acted as co-leadmanagers, whether for Chinese or foreign issues. REUTER&#3;