Boeing Co and ARGOSystems Inc &lt;ARGI.O>said they reached an agreement for Boeing to acquire theSunnyvale, Calif., defense electronics firm for about 275 mlndlrs.    The boards of both companies have approved the merger,which will be accomplished through a tender offer by a Boeingsubsidiary of 37 dlrs a share cash for all of ARGOSystems'shares, the companies said.    Under the agreement, the Boeing subsidiary, TBC HoldingsCorp, will begin the tender offer promptly. If at least 90 pctof the shares are not tendered, the offer will be prorated to49 pct, the companies said.    ARGOSystems has granted Boeing an option to buy 1,238,311shares or 18.5 pct of the outstanding stock for 37 dlrs ashare, they said.    Also, Bill May, chairman of ARGOSystems, and three otherofficers have granted Boeing an option to buy their shares,another 8.9 pct of the outstanding stock, for 37 dlrs a share.    ARGOSystems makes equipment to monitor and analyze militarycommunications signals, electronic warfare equipment to monitorand jam radar signals and signal processing systems.    For the nine months ended March 31, 1987, ARGOSystemsreported earnings more than doubled to 6.3 mln dlrs or 95 cts ashare from 3.1 mln dlrs or 46 cts. The year-ago period includeda 2.2 mln dlr charge from a writedown of securities. Sales rose23.5 pct to 70.9 mln dlrs.    Sales are expected to exceed 100 mln dlrs for the fiscalyear ending June 30, the companies said in a joint statement.    The company's backlog is currently more than 180 mln dlrs,they said. It has about 1,200 employees.    About 30 pct of ARGOSystems' business comes frominternational customers.    "ARGOSystems is a clear leader in its field. Thisassociation will expand our overall activities andsignificantly enhance our ability to compete in the defenseelectronics area," Boeing president Frank Shrontz said in astatement.    ARGOSystems will operate as a wholly owned subsidiary ofBoeing Co.    The merger following the tender offer will be subject toapproval by ARGOSystems shareholders, the companies said.    The tender offer and merger are subject to customaryconditions and expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino notificationwaiting period, they said. Reuter&#3;