An announcement by Alliant ComputerSystems Inc &lt;ALNT> of a new low-end near-supercomputer and &lt;ETASystems Inc>'s unveiling of a high-end machine in the samecategory show competition is stiff in this market, industryanalysts said.     Consultants said Alliant's new FX computer, aimed mainlyat scientists and researchers will be priced between 100,000and 200,000 dlrs and will be faster than anything else in thatprice range. But they said Alliant is trying to bring prices inline with discounts it now gives many of its customers.    "(The new FX) is significant to the extent that itrepresents Alliant's recognition of the reality of themarketplace," said a source who was briefed by Alliant on thenew computer. "The list price is more in line with what they areseeing anyway."    Near-supercomputers, often called mini-supercomputers,resemble the massive supercomputers favoured by scientists butare much less expensive and a quarter as powerful.    Supercomputers cost well over one mln dlrs butmini-supercomputers are generally priced between 200,000 dlrsand one mln dlrs.    Most near-supercomputers use a new computer architecturecalled parallel processing, in which a problem is broken upinto segments and each segment assigned to a differentprocessor. General-purpose mainframe computers have just oneprocessor that works on one segment of a problem at a time,making them too slow for complex scientific problems.    Near-supercomputers have been in existence for only aboutfive years and the two leading manufacturers, Alliant andConvex Computer Corp (CNVX), held two of the most successfulinitial public offerings last year.    But Alliant and Convex, a Texas company, are also facingsome 15 companies competing for between 200 and 250 mln dlrs insales this year, and the result has been lower prices andshrinking profit margins.    Heavy discounting, slow acceptance outside the scientificmarket, lack of software and too many competitors also havemade analysts reassess prospects for near-supercomputers.    Jeffrey Canin, computer analyst with Hambrecht and Quist,said he just added a year to his original growth estimates forthe industry. He now expects sales to reach 1.1 billion dlrs in1991, instead of 1990.    In recent weeks both Alliant and Convex have said theirthird quarter earnings would be reduced by "competitive pricingpressures."    Alliant said profits for the period will be about fivecents a share against eight cents last year, although revenuesfor the period rose to 14.2 mln dlrs from 8.6 mln.    Convex said third quarter earnings will be less than thesecond quarter's 12 cents a share while revenues will risealmost eight mln dlrs over the 1986 third quarter to between 18and 18.5 mln dlrs.    Until now, most of the price discounting occurred at thebottom of the product line in near-supercomputers, but ETASystem's announcement could start squeezing Convex and Alliantfrom the top, analysts said.    ETA, a subsidiary of Control Data Corp &lt;CDC>, introducedtwo machines that are really full-blown supercomputers similarto those sold by Cray Research Inc, the world's biggestsupercomputer maker, but at half the price of Cray's cheapestmodel. The ETA-10 Model P costs 995,000 dlrs and the Model Q is1.2 mln dlrs.    ETA officials told a news conference the new machines maybe classified as supercomputers but they are aimed directly atthe upper end of the product lines from Alliant and Convex.    Acceptance of ETA's product could be hampered by lack ofsoftware, analysts said, noting this is an issue that faces allparallel processor makers to some degree.    Because parallel processing is a new architecture that hasyet to be widely used, third party software vendors have beenslow to write programs for the near-supercomputers.    ETA, however, "offers a low priced entry into supercomputersfor some customers," one consultant said.    Canin cautioned that "the price pressures will continue forsome time" and estimated that five percentage points have beenknocked off the gross profit margins of both Convex and Alliantthis year by price discounting.    Next year, he said, the two companies will face a new setof problems as they both introduce their second generation ofproducts. "I am always cautious about the first major producttransition." REUTER&#3;