Turkey's external debt rose to theequivalent of 31.4 billion dlrs at end-1986 from 25.4 billion ayear earlier, Treasury Under-secretary Yavuz Canevi said.    Canevi, who gave the figure at a briefing on the Turkisheconomy arranged for Ankara-based diplomats, said theshort-term component was 9.6 billion dlrs at end-1986, up from6.6 billion.    Much of Turkey's debt is denominated in currencies otherthan the dollar. Canevi said the increase expressed in dollarterms was partly attributable to the fall in value of the U.S.Currency.    While the rise in total debt was about 24 pct in dollarterms, it would be only 11 pct if expressed in special drawingrights and would represent a fall of 11 pct if expressed in theWest German mark, he said.    On the rise in short-term debt, Canevi said half the amountwas in Turkish citizens' foreign exchange deposits. "On a macrolevel it is a liability but it is not really a liabilitybecause it will be repaid in Turkish lira," he added.    Canevi was Governor of the Turkish Central Bank until lastNovember, when he was promoted to Under-secretary for theTreasury and Foreign Trade, a key economic management post.    Canevi listed what he called the assets of the Turkisheconomy, including liberalisation in the last three years, thecountry's geographical position and the strength of itsagriculture and manpower skills.    The debt picture was one of three liabilities, he said,along with the failure to reduce inflation swiftly andimpatience. "We are an impatient nation ... We should be patientenough to achieve better results," he added.    Wholesale prices on an index issued by Canevi's departmentrose 27.4 pct in the year to February, compared with 33.3 pct ayear earlier.    On inflation, Canevi said: "We have chosen to reduceinflation in a moderate way. We could have reduced it in twoyears from 25 pct to five pct but we needed growth ... Wealready have high unemployment."    "I don't blame people who are sick and tired of living withinflation but it was 100 per cent before. The trend is down, solet's be patient and not distort overall policies and we willachieve our targets in one or two years," he said. REUTER&#3;