Most of Brazil's 700,000 bankworkersbegan an indefinite national strike, union leaders said, as thecountry's labour troubles showed no signs of easing.    A national seamen's strike which began on February 27 isstill continuing, despite a partial return to work.    A spokesman at the bankworkers' national strikeheadquarters in Sao Paulo, Lucio Cesar Pires, told Reuters thatabout 500,000 of Brazil's 700,000 bankworkers were on strike.    He said that many private banks were working, particularlyin Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Porto Alegre.    The bankworkers, one of the best-organized sectors ofBrazil's labour force, are striking for a 100 pct pay rise.    Pires said the strike had closed the state-controlled Bancodo Brasil, which has more than 3,000 branches.    Brazil's current labour troubles stems from the collapse ofthe government's price freeze and the return of high inflation.    According to official figures, prices rose by 33 pct injust the first two months of the year.    Other strikes are being threatened, including nationalstoppages by 450,000 social security workers and 50,000university teachers.    In central Sao Paulo dozens of armed military police stoodguard outside branches of the Banco do Brasil to preempt anymove by bankworkers to occupy the buildings.    A bank official in one foreign bank, which was still openthis morning, said that with the closure of the Banco do Brasilprivate banks would not be able to function much longer.    He said: "If the Banco do Brasil closes it shuts down thewhole system. I think that after lunch we will have to stop."    Groups of strikers marched in the central commercialdistrict, waving banners and stopping outside private banks tochant slogans.    Pires said the strike call had been largely ignored byworkers in the private banks, with many branches openparticularly in Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Porto Alegre.    Television reports said that in the southern state ofParana farmers protesting against high interest rates supportedthe bankworkers.    As they have done many times over the past few weeks, theyblockaded the entrances of private banks with farm machinery. Reuter&#3;