The Semiconductor IndustryAssociation put the three-month average book-to-bill ratio at1.21, which was above analysts' expectations and reflects thesixth straight increase in this indicator of computer industryactivity.    Average booking in the three month period ended in Marchtotaled 910.8 mln dlrs, up 15.6 pct from a month ago and thehighest bookings since September, 1984. March billings, orcomputer chip sales in the month, totaled 912.1 mln dlrs, up34.6 pct from a month ago, the association said. The threemonth average billings totaled 751.3 mln dlrs, up 6.5 pct.    March billings were the strongest recorded since November,1984, the association said. The book to bill ratio, at 1.21,was the highest since May, 1984, it noted.    Preliminary total solid state shipments for the firstquarter of 1987 totaled 2.25 billion dlrs, up 4.9 pct from lastquarter and up 15.9 pct from last year's first quarter.    Semiconductor Industry Association President AndrewProcassini said the rise in the book to bill was due to asubstantial increase in U.S. bookings during March.    "We believe that the bookings increase reflects growingconfidence by electronic equipment manufacturers that someend-equipment market segments have improved substantiallyduring the first quarter," Procassini said in a statement.    The association also revised its book-to-bill ratioestimate for the three months ended in February to 1.12, from1.13 earlier. It further revised the January book-to-billfigure to 1.09 from 1.12 estimated earlier.    The three-month average book-to-bill ratio of 1.21 forMarch means for every 100 dlrs worth of product shipped,computer chip maker received 121 dlrs in new orders.    Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc analyst Michael Gumport saidassociation numbers indicate March orders were up 20 pct abovethe normal seasonal level.    The association does not break out March orders from itsthree-month average, which it put at 910.8 mln dlrs.    Gumport noted the three-month average bookings were wellabove the 800-865 mln dlrs anticipated by the industry.    He said semiconductor stock could rise five to ten pct onthe stock market open tomorrow, due to the positive numbers.    "Skeptics are going to have to have some pretty strongreasons not to like this group (of stocks)," Gumport said.    Kidder Peabody and Co analyst Michael Kubiak said the ratioindicates March orders at about one billion dlrs, which wouldbe the highest monthly order rate since April, 1984.    He predicted at least a five pct rise in semiconductorstocks on the open, and said the stock group could soar as highas 15 pct during the session.    "One month does not a boom-time make, but this is very goodnews," he said.    Kubiak attributed the stong semiconductor orders tostrength in the personal computer market, inventory restockingand strong buying by distributors.    Purchasing managers had been keeping computer chipinventories low, due to the overcapacity in the industry andthe slow growth of the economy in general, analysts noted.    The semiconductor industry has been in a slump for the pastthree years.    The analysts said the March order and sales numbers are thestrongest evidence yet that the trend may be turning.    Nevertheless, they do not expect the Administration toretreat from proposed sanctions against Japanese chip makers.    They added, however, if the industry continues to improve,it could mean the sanctions will be short term.    Jack Beedle, President of In-Stat, an electronics industryresearch firm, called the March numbers "excellent", but alsocautioned against excessive optimism.    "I still believe caution should be the word, rather thaneuphoria," said Beedle, adding that he has yet to see strongindications from the general economy or the computer industrythat support a solid, long-term recovery.    Beedle said while he thinks the semiconductor industry willhave a very good second quarter, he still thinks positiveshifts in exports and industrial production are needed tosustain a recovery. Reuter&#3;