Fear of social instability and inflationhas forced China to curtail a major economic reform --overhauling a pricing system in which prices bear no relationto production costs.    Despite pledges last year that price changes were needed toget the economy on the right track, Peking has repeatedly saidno major change will happen this year. The backtracking hasoccurred during a conservative backlash following theresignation in January of reformist Communist Party leader HuYaobang, western diplomats and Chinese sources say.    "Price changes in the last two years have aroused greatpublic discontent, especially in the cities," one westerndiplomat said.    "Chinese were used to stable prices for 30 years from 1949when the communists took over. On a recent visit to two majorcities, the refrain from all the officials was the need topreserve social stability."    A Chinese journalist said the reformers under-estimated thepotential public resistance to price increases.    "A major review of all economic reforms is under way, thebiggest since the reforms began in 1979, because many thingsare not going well -- a large budget deficit, too rapid priceincreases and no major improvement in productivity of statefirms," the Chinese journalist said.    This view was reflected by the official People's Daily in amajor article this week. The daily said price increases hadbeen taking place too quickly in recent years.    "In future, price changes should be only in small steps," itsaid, adding that wage increases and lax monetary policies hadresulted in too much money chasing too few goods.    The Chinese journalist said the review was in part due topolitical factors.    "Economics and politics are inseparable in China. But thewestern media are wrong to classify the leadership intoreformers and conservatives. All the leaders agree on the maindirection -- economic reform and the open-door," he said.    "But there are differences of opinion on the pace of reformand on specific policies. No one is advocating a return to howthings were before 1979."    Those who say prices should reflect production costsbelieve the issue is vital to China's economy.    Sugar is an example. An official newspaper said earlierthis year that over 40 pct of the country's sugar mills werelosing money, or had closed because the price of sugar had notchanged for 20 years, while the production costs have risensharply over the same period.    The western diplomat said Chinese leaders did not fear abacklash against rising prices would result in rioting in thestreets, which they had the means to control.    "The bottom line is how such protests would be used by thosein the power struggle (inside the Communist Party)," he said.    Said a foreign lawyer, referring to the crisis sparked bystudent demonstrations which led to Hu's replacement, "Theleadership here is a self-perpetuating oligarchy. There is noway that it is going to give up power."    The Chinese journalist added that China appears to havereached a crossroads.    "There is no clear proposal as to what to do next," he said."Premier Zhao (Ziyang) has instructed his think-tanks to come upwith how to continue the reforms in 1988."    But for the time being at least, the path leading to pricereforms is out of favour. REUTER&#3;