Conservative gains in Finnish generalelections could speed liberalisation of financial markets,though there will not be a radical economic restructuring,conservative officials and economic analysts said.    The conservatives gained nine new seats in parliament afterthe two-day elections, which ended yesterday, and politicalcommentators say social democrat Prime Minister Kalevi Sorsa islikely to be replaced by a centre-right coalition.    International spokesman Pasi Natri told Reuters: "we arewilling to liberalise the economy as much as possible."    Helsinki analysts said the outgoing centre-left coalitionhad introduced major reforms of money and stock markets in itsperiod of government between 1983 and 1987.    They said Finnish conservatives bore little resemblance toother European conservative movements and had, for example,shelved privatisation policies to increase their popularity.    Finnish trade affairs are dominated by its special tieswith its neighbour, The Soviet Union, and a new centre-rightcoalition could alter this relationship, the analysts said.   The two countries have a long-term pact under which trademust be balanced in value. The 1987 accord signed in Januaryagreed bilateral trade totalling about 30 billion markka.    Finland exports finished products to the USSR, with crudeoil accounting for 80 pct of imports.    The Centre Party said before the elections that Fenno-Soviet trade would have to be cut because Finland had to trimexports when the value of Moscow's oil exports to Finland fell.    Finnish financial markets reacted cautiously to theelection news, with little movement in the markka or on theHelsinki stock exchange.    Securities analysts said the market would respond positivelyif a centre-right coalition was formed, but added it was tooearly to exclude the possibility that social democrats wouldhang on to power.    The spokesman said conservatives favoured legislationgoverning the stock market to prevent "casino-style behaviour."    He said the conservatives also favoured the establishmentof an internal market between the Nordic countries.     International capital markets were becoming more and moreimportant, he  said, adding conservatives would speed up thedevelopment of Finland's capial markets.   He said the conservatives supported the bilateral trade tieswith Moscow, but that links with western Europe should bestudied. Finland is a member of the European Free TradeAssociation ( EFTA).    Negotiations between the major Finnish political partiesare likely to be protracted, and the shape of the newgovernment will probably not be established before the start ofApril.    Conservatives hold 44 seats now, The Centre Party gainedthree to 40 and the social democrats lost one, and now hold 56seats. REUTER&#3;