Japanese securities houses and banksare eager to enter the market for lead-management of markeurobonds when the ban on Japanese institutions is lifted, butthe entry may be difficult, Japanese bankers said.    Most Japanese securities houses and banks established heresaid they have concrete plans to enter lead-managementbusiness, as soon as terms are cleared, probably this year.    Japan's largest bank, The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd, is alsoconsidering expanding its business here, bankers said.    Japanese banks were excluded from lead management of markeurobonds when the Bundesbank opened that market to foreignbanks in May 1985, due to the lack of reciprocity for Germanbanks in the Japanese market.    Last year, the Japanese began a slow opening by grantingWest German banks investment licences.    Pressure on Tokyo stepped up last week when U.K. Governmentsources said Britain may revoke the licences of some Japanesebanks and securities firms operating in London when they comeup for renewal if progress is not made towards opening Japan'smarkets to foreign competition.    A spokesman for the Dai-Ichi Kangyo representative officehere said the bank was naturally considering options such asexpanding its mark securities trading operations to Frankfurt.    Sources at the bank's London branch said the bank wasalready seriously planning such a move.    Expanding secondary operations would also improve theplacement capacity of Japanese houses intending to move intolead management of mark eurobonds.    But even Japanese banks already established in secondarymarkets here face a host of problems in lead management. One isfinding borrowers.    One banker at Nikko Securities Co Ltd's The NikkoSecurities Co (Deutschland) GmbH said the cost of mark issuesmay be too high for some Japanese firms.    "For the moment, for Japanese borrowers, marks areexpensive," he said. Many prefer Swiss francs or eurodollars.    A Japanese borrower with a five-year equity warranteurodollar bond issued at 2-1/2 pct can now swap into domesticyen rates of one pct. But mark swap opportunities are limited.    In addition, many Japanese companies are committed alreadyto large German banks.    To avoid souring relations with German banks they nowcooperate with, Japanese houses may prefer finding borrowers sofar not seen in the mark sector.    Names may include Sanyo Electric Co Ltd and NishimatsuConstruction Co Ltd, which both count Yamaichi Securities CoLtd as their house bank, or Hokkaido Electric Power Co Inc,which recently gave a presentation here with the IndustrialBank of Japan's unit here.    Japanese banks are also faced with finding local personnel,which is not easy. "They are definitely going to have a manpowerproblem," one Swiss banker said.    Swiss and American banks had no trouble attracting topGerman managers. But Japanese cultural differences will beharder for Germans to overcome. Success may depend on whetherJapanese parents allow German subsidiaries independence tooperate without interference.    Once established, more problems are expected if extracompetition shaves margins.    Extra competition could cut management fees in the marksector. Separate management and underwriting fees common heremay also be eroded, which now make German underwriting businessprofitable compared with other centres.    A few banks are unsure if they really want to get involvedin the business. "I don't think Sumitomo has 100-pct concreteplans at this moment unless there is a new development," abanker at the West German commercial branch of Sumito Bank Ltdin Duesseldorf said.    Apart from the commercial branch in Duesseldorf Sumitomohas a rep office in Frankfurt, but both are primarily engagedin commercial banking. If Sumitomo were to set up a securitiesoperation, it would have to set up a full subsidiary, he said. REUTER&#3;