Portugal's economy, which has beenenjoying one of its most buoyant periods in more than a decade,may now be strong enough to shrug off the country's latestgovernment crisis, analysts said.    But the April 3 ousting of Prime Minister Anibal CavacoSilva's government could slow economic reforms and investmentas Portugal continues to adapt to membership in the EuropeanCommunity, which it joined in January last year, they said.    Cavaco Silva's minority Social Democratic Party, PSD, wastoppled in a parliamentary censure vote by left-wing parties.    The centre-right administration had made economic growthreform a priority in its 17 months in office.    In 1986, Portugal's economy grew four pct, its currentaccount surplus swelled to more than one billion dlrs andinflation fell to 10 pct, from 20 pct in 1985.    Analysts and businessmen said the prospects of instabilitywere worrying but they felt the foundations for continuedgrowth had not been badly shaken.    "The economy has developed a certain self-confidence that isnow less dependent on the political situation," said FritzHaser, economics professor at Universidade Livre, Lisbon.    "The market doesn't see this as a real crisis yet," economistJorge Braga de Macedo told Reuters.    Businessmen have identified political instability over thelast 13 years as one of the biggest obstacles to lastingeconomic progress.    The PSD administration was the 16th formed since the 1974revolution.    Portugal's developing stock markets, however, remainbuoyant. Brokers and unit trust managers said the recent surgein economic confidence under the PSD rule was still largelyunderpinned by continuing optimistic forecasts.    Investment grew nearly 10 pct in 1986 and a Bank ofPortugal forecast, released on the day the PSD government fell,predicted the pace of investment and overall economic growthwould remain at similar levels this year.    But analysts said the crisis interrupted current policiesand could slow economic development.    Soares, who is expected to announce a decision by the endof the month, can either call early elections or form a newgovernment from parties in the existing left wing-dominatedparliament.    Many businessmen said they strongly favoured quickelections as the best solution. "There is a good chance that amajority government could result from early elections,"Confederation of Portuguese Industry (CIP) president PedroFerraz da Costa said.    He said they were optimistic this could mean thecontinuation in the near future of liberalisation policiesintroduced over the last year.    The left-wing parties favour a parliamentary solution, butthe PSD said it wants an early election in which opinion pollssay they could win an overall majority.    A PSD majority would also open the way for morewide-ranging reforms, such as relaxation of labour laws andpossible denationalisation of industry, the analysts said.    Cavaco Silva has accused the left-wing opposition partiesof blocking key economic reforms.    The left-wingers said Portugal's positive economic resultswere more the product of favourable international conditionssuch as cheaper oil and raw material imports, than of PSDpolicies. REUTER&#3;