The United States should take urgentaction to cut its crippling budget deficit, including possiblereductions in non-defense spending, higher taxes and curbs ongrowth of the defense budget, the Organization for EconomicCooperation and Development said.    The OECD, in its semi-annual review of the world economy,said a failure of the Reagan Administration and Congressquickly to agree on measures to cut the deficit "could seriouslyaffect confidence, both in the United States and elsewhere."    It predicted that the federal deficit in fiscal 1987,running until September 30 this year, would substantiallyovershoot both the Balanced Budget Act's target of 144 billiondlrs and official U.S. Estimates in February of 175 billion.    "The OECD projection, which is based on assumptions ofslower growth, higher interest rates and actual data for thefirst half of the financial year, is for a deficit of about 190billion dollars," it said.    While this would be 30 billion lower than last year'sdeficit, much of the improvement would be due to corporate taxincreases being introduced before income tax cuts take effect.    The U.S. Economic growth rate is expected to edge up to2.75 pct next year from 2.5 pct this year and last.    In contrast to the last two years, more competitive exportsboosted by the fall in the dollar should help GNP growth.    Unemployment should continue to fall slowly as the servicesector continues to create jobs. But inflation appears to beheading higher, partly due to the lower dollar, with consumerprices forecast to rise four pct this year and 4.5 pct nextyear after just 2.1 pct in 1986.    "Monetary and fiscal policy appear to be the key factorsbehind the avoidance of recession," the report said.    The current account balance of payments deficit is expectedto be still around a high 125 billion dlrs next year, afterhitting a projected record 147.25 billion this year, it said.    In Canada economic growth is expected to pick up slightlyto around 2.75 pct in 1988 from 2.5 pct this year, but willstill be below levels seen in recent years. Inflation isexpected to slow to 3.5 pct next year from 3.75 pct this year,unemployment should edge down to nine pct in 1988 from 9.25 pctthis year.    Canada's current account deficit is projected to shrink toaround four billion U.S. Dlrs this year and to remain at aboutthat level in 1988. Reuter&#3;