Tenneco Inc, a company that has longbeen rumored to be a takeover candidate, rose sharply todaywhen speculation surfaced that investor T. Boone Pickens may betargeting the company for an acquisition, traders and analystssaid.    Tenneco spokesman Joseph Macrum said "we have no comment tomake whatsoever." Pickens was not available for comment.    Traders noted that activity in the stock increased todayafter a published report linked Pickens to Tenneco.    Tenneco rose two points to 48-3/4.    Paul Feretti, an analyst with New Orleans-based Howard,Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs, Inc, said he was not surprised atmarket rumors that Tenneco might be the target of a takeoverattempt.    "It's pure market speculation that Boone Pickens and hisgroup may be interested," Feretti said.    "But Tenneco would be a challenge to run because of itssheer size and diversity. Mr. Pickens is a man who likes achallenge."    Pickens, who made an unsuccessful attempt to take overDallas-based Diamond Shamrock Corp &lt;DIA> last winter, has madeno secret of his plans to acquire additional natural gasreserves in the belief that gas prices will stabilize soonerthan oil prices. Tenneco holds natural gas reserves estimatedin excess of 3.5 trillion cubic feet, analysts said.    Feretti conservatively estimated Tenneco's breakup value at58 dlrs a share and said the company generated a cash flow ofabout 10 dlrs a share "which is probably very attractive toPickens." Other analysts, however, estimate a breakup valuewell into the 60 dlr a share range.    "I strongly doubt that there is going to be any hostiletakeover," Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc's Houston-based analystJohn Olson said, putting little credence in the rumors.    "Tenneco is a gargantuan enterprise with seven billion dlrsin long-term debt and preferred stock outstanding." He said thebuyer would also have to deal with "the intractable problems"Tenneco faces with its farm equipment unit and energybusinesses.    Analysts suggested that Tenneco could use a number ofdefensive strategies to fend off an unwanted buyer, such asspin off some of its non-energy businesses directly toshareholders, buy back shares or create a limited partnershipout of its natural gas pipeline interests.    An analyst who asked to remain unidentified, discouragedthe Pickens rumor. "Pickens has a plateful already with hisholdings in Burlington Northern and Amerada Hess," he said. "Idon't think he would be willing to take on Tenneco's problemswith Case (the farm equipment unit), which has been losingabout 180 mln dlrs annually and is worth less than a billiondlrs on the market today." Reuter&#3;