The Brazilian Coffee Institute,IBC, is expected to maintain its previous pricing system whenit reopens export registrations, probably later this week,exporters said.    They said IBC President Jorio Dauster is likely to leavethe basic formula for the minimum registration price unchangedbut raise the contribution quota to partially offset theeffects of cruzado devaluation since April registrations wereclosed in mid-February.    To fully compensate for devaluation the quota would have tobe around 28 dlrs per bag against 7.0 when registrations closed.    However, even a 21 dlr per bag rise in the contributionquota would make Brazil coffees uncompetitive on world markets,and an increase to around 15 dlrs a bag is more likely, theexporters said.    They added that Dauster is keen to raise the contributionquota as the Institute needs money to repay Central Governmnetfunds released to finance IBC purchases at the guaranteedproducer price.    Although a vote in the Monetary Council to provide morefunds for such purchases was deferred on technical grounds lastweek, funds are still being released for subsequent approval.    The sources said it is still unclear when registrationswill be reopened, although most expect it to be by the end ofthis week.    "Brazil owes it to its customers to make its intentionsknow. A country like Brazil cannot afford to be permanentlyclosed down," one exporter said.    However, before announcing its export policy the IBC islikely to wait to see if tomorrow's meeting of theInternational Coffee Organisation, ICO, executive board inLondon decides to call a full council meeting to discussreintroduction of export quotas, sources said.    There is also talk of the announcement this week of newmeasures to adjust the Brazilian economy, and the IBC could beawaiting clarification before making any move, the exporterssaid.    Another factor which could be delaying the opening ofregistrations is the current strike by bank workers which,while not affecting current shipments, could affectdocumentation and currency operations for new sales.    This would certainly be the case if the IBC was consideringobliging exporters to pay the contribution quota within two orthree days of registering a sale.&#3;