Civil strife in Sri Lanka willmake the economy's growth rate in 1987 its slowest in a decade,Sri Lankan finance minister Ronnie de Mel said here.    He told Reuters in an interview that he expected grossdomestic product to expand by only four pct in 1987. He said itaveraged five pct over the past three years.    For the first two years after the present troubles began in1983, production of key commodities like tea, rubber, coconutsand rice kept up, he said.    Tamils on the island are fighting for a seperate state.    De Mel said: "Private sector production in fact grew by 25pct in 1984 and 20 pct in 1985. But last year things took aturn for the worse."    He said prices of tea, the main export, fell to half their1984 levels. World prices of rubber and copra also fell.    "There was also a decline in income from tourism andremittances from Sri Lankans working in the Middle East."    He said any savings from the worldwide drop in crude oilprices were wiped out by the cut in commodity earnings.    "To add to all this we have had, between January and Marchthis year, the worst drought I have seen in my life," he said.    De Mel said the drought would seriously affect agriculturalproduction.    He said because of the fighting in the country, defenceexpenditure was now about 20 pct of the national 1987 budget of70 billion rupees.    Sri Lanka planned to borrow about 600 mln dlrs in 1987 fromthe World Bank and the Sri Lanka Aid Consortium which comprisesmembers of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation andDevelopment (OECD), he said.    "We also plan to ask the International Monetary Fund foranother 200 mln dlrs through a structural adjustment facilityand a compensatory financing facility to balance our exportrevenue cuts," de Mel said.    He said despite the unrest, Sri Lanka had succeeded inkeeping its total foreign debt to three billion dlrs byavoiding borrowing from commercial banks.    "Commercial bank debt accounts for only 15 pct of our totalforeign debt," he said.    He said the Mahaweli hydro-electric project was nearingcompletion. It was likely to cut dependence on oil imports.    "The project will more than treble our hydro-electric powerfrom 300 megawatts to nearly 1,000 megawatts," de Mel said.    He said 20 new townships would rise around the project,which is in the north-central part of the island. It wasexpected to irrigate 1.2 mln acres of land and indirectlyprovide employment for 500,000 landless families.    De Mel said Tamil guerrillas were waging a war of attritionin the island's north and east. REUTER&#3;