USX Corp chairman David Roderick saidthe company had ended talks with British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP>about the possible sale of some energy assets and said USX hasno immediate restructuring plans for its oil businesses.    "We have terminated our discussions," Roderick told Reutersafter a speech to the Petroleum Equipment Suppliers Associationhere. He said USX was not conducting talks with any otherpossible buyer of its energy assets.    Earlier today, BP said it planned to offer 70 dlrs pershare for the Standard Oil Co's &lt;SRD> publicly held stock.    USX said in December the company had held formaldiscussions with BP about the potential sale of some of itsoverseas oil assets and USX had received expressions ofinterest from a half dozen other oil companies.    Roderick, in response to a question, said USX had noimmediate plans to restructure its Marathon Oil Co, or TexasOil and Gas Corp. He said USX also did not plan to sell any ofits 49 pct interest in the giant Yates Field in west Texas.    "We want to maintain our production in the Yates Fieldduring these difficult times," Roderick added.    In response to a question, Roderick also said he did notknow whether Australian investor Robert Holmes a Court wasaccumulating USX stock. In recent days, traders have suggestedHolmes a Court was buying additional shares.    Roderick said Carl Ichan, who terminated an eight billiondlr hostile takeover plan for USX in January, continued to holda sizable interest in the company. "Mr. Ichan still apparentlyhas 11.4 pct. He hasn't bought any more stock or sold any,"Roderick said. "He's a very satisfied shareholder right now. Italk with him monthly."    In his speech, Roderick predicted the fall in the value ofthe dollar would set the stage for the U.S. to solve its tradedeficit problem which totaled 170 billion dlrs in 1986.    "I expect by the early 1990s the U.S. will be running a nettrade surplus," Roderick said. "I think the worst is over andwe can look forward to stability and upward movement ahead."    However, the USX chairman warned that European tradingpartners may resist the turn in the U.S. trade deficit. "Someeconomic discomfort must be transferred from the United Statesto our friends, trading partners and allies." Reuter&#3;