Robert Halmi Inc said it and Hal RoachStudios Inc signed a definitive agreement to merge in a stockswap value at 115 mln dlrs, based on October 16 closing prices.    The company said the agreement calls for the holders ofcommon stock in Hal Roach to exchange their shares on aone-for-one basis for shares in the combined company.    It said holders of Robert Halmi common will exchange theirshares on a two-and-one-half-for-one basis for shares in thecombined company.    The company said the swap will be tax-free.    The company also said &lt;Qintex Ltd>, a 35 pct owner of HalRoach common stock, has agreed to use the company as theexclusive vehicle for its U.S. media and entertainmentinvestments, the company said.    The company said Qintex's U.S. subsidiary also agreed tosupply a minimum 70 mln dlrs line of credit to the new company,which shall be used, with Qintex approval, for financing newHRI products.    The company said that under the definitive agreement,Qintex's U.S. division will have the right to purchase up to 51pct of the new company in the open market, in privatetransactions or by tender offer, but will not be purchasingwarrants to bring its ownership to 51 pct of the new company.    If Qintex's U.S. subsidiary has not achieved this ownershipwithin one year after the completion of the merger, thesubsidiary will have the right two years thereafter to requestthat HRI commence a rights offering to HRI stockholders, thecompany said.    Regarding the potential rights offering, Qintex's U.S.subsidiary will act as standby purchaser, the company said.    The transaction is subject to the approval of bothcompany's shareholders, the receipt of certain tax approvals,and the continued employement of Robert Halmi Sr and RobertHalmi Jr, the company said.    Robert Halmi Sr, who is currently chairman and chiefexecutive officer of Robert Halmi Inc, will be chairman of thenew company and David Evans, current president and chiefoperating officer of Hal Roach, will become chief executive,the company said. Reuter&#3;