European Community (EC) farm ministerswere fighting hard early today to prevent a deal on cuttingoverflowing milk production from turning sour before trying toagree widescale reforms in other surplus sectors.    Meanwhile, protests from angry European farmers oversuccessive attempts to scale down unwanted Community foodproduction appeared to be gathering strength.    In the northeastern Spanish city of Saragossa thousands ofSpanish farmers battled with police during a march to demand abetter deal from Brussels.    The farmers traded stones for tear gas and rubber pelletsand occupied local government buildings while in the southerncity of Malaga, citrus growers dumped more 20 tonnes of lemonson the streets in protest at EC duties.    Towards the end of last week, about 10,000 angry WestGerman farmers marched through the streets of Hanover burningeffigies of Agriculture Minister Ignaz Kiechle while in Francepig-farmers barricaded roads in protest at falling prices.    Europe's 12 mln farmers are furious over plans by theEuropean Commission to cut subsidised prices and severely limitfarmers' automatic right to sell unwanted food into publicstores at high guaranteed EC prices.    In the toughest-ever proposals for the annual price review,at which EC ministers set the levels of subsidies, AgricultureCommissioner Frans Andriessen has included measures that couldresult in price cuts for some products of up to 11 pct.    The plans form part of an on-going campaign to reformsurplus-creating farm policies that have become a politicalembarrassment at home and commercial flash-point abroad andthreatened to leave the Community with no cash for other areas.    Andriessen's latest package comes only months after adecision to cut dairy production by 9.5 pct over two years andto slash beef prices by around 10 pct.    That decision, agreed in outline last December aftervirtually nine days of non-stop negotiations, was hailed as themost significant step yet in the reform offensive, but hassince run into difficulties over the fine print.    West Germany and Ireland are objecting to the new rulesgoverning the sales of surplus butter into cold stores, but theCommission is loathe to abandon its position as the accord hasbeen used as the inspiration for Andriessen's latest package.    Ministers failed yesterday to overcome the problem, andresumed negotiations in a bid to finalise the details beforestarting the price review which is confidently predicted tolast many months.    EC farm spending currently swallows two thirds of anoverall annual budget of around 40 billion dlrs and is almostentirely blamed for a projected budget shortfall later thisyear of some 5.7 billion dlrs. Reuter&#3;