Britain and Japan remained deadlockedtoday over trade policies, and political sources said the U.K.Government was pinning hopes for a breakthrough on the trip toTokyo next week by Corporate Affairs Minister Michael Howard.    Howard told Reuters he would try to "promote understandingon trade issues" during his trip, which starts tomorrow.    Meanwhile, Britain will re-examine a letter from Japan'sprime minister promising his personal help for a solution tothe row over a U.K. Firm's bid to win a significant role inJapan's liberalised telecommunications market, governmentsources said.    Tensions have risen following the decision by Britain toarm itself early with new statutory powers which it says couldbe used against certain Japanese financial insitutions.    Britain had reacted optimistically at first to the letterfrom Japanese leader Yasuhiro Nakasone to U.K. Prime MinisterMargaret Thatcher. It had been seen as a signal that he wouldwork towards ensuring a satisfactory outcome to the bidlaunched by Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L>, officials said.    But this view has been clouded by reports from Tokyo thatNakasone's assurances really constituted little more thanpoliteness in the face of loud British anger, they added.    Howard said he would use his trip to push for a bigger rolein Japan's telecommunications industry for Cable and WirelessPlc. The U.K. Government has made the issue a test case forJapan's willingness to open its markets adequately to outsidecompetition.    Asked whether the letter from Nakasone was a rejection ofattempts by Britain to achieve that, Howard said "I am not sureit is correct to regard Mr Nakasone's letter as a rejection ofMrs Thatcher's request of him - and it says he is taking apersonal interest in this problem."    "I don't understand it to be closed at all."    During his visit to Tokyo, Howard said "I shall be talkingto them about it (the letter), finding out exactly what they domean about it, and making it plain that we take a very seriousview of the fact that access to Japanese markets is not as freeas we allow acces to our markets to be."    He noted that under the new Financial Services Act, Britaincould revoke or deny licences to Japanese banking and insuranceinstitutions in London if U.K. Firms fail to get receivesimilar treatment in financial markets in Japan soon.    "I hope it won't come to that, and I don't think it will,"Howard added.    Officials involved in Howard's Tokyo itinerary said theyhad tried to arrange meetings with Japanese officials who wereleast likely to see trade issues in too a parochial a light. Reuter&#3;