Treasury Secretary James Baker andFederal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker have told Houseleaders they were optimistic their debt strategy would work,but acknowledged the crisis could take a sharp turn for theworse, Congressional sources and U.S. officials said.    Baker and Volcker gave these views at closed-door talks yesterday with Speaker Jim Wright and other House leaders.    But the two architects of the Third World debt strategygave no indications they would abandon their plan to promoteeconomic growth and reform.    "They expressed optimism about the current state of affairs,"one participant at the meeting said.    However Baker and Volcker, accompanied by Deputy Secretaryof State John Whitehead, acknowledged there were risks. "And ifthings turned sour, they could turn very sour," a source quotedthem as saying.    They were responding to questions from Wright, a TexasDemocrat, who called the meeting two weeks ago because of hisconcern the debt crisis was deepening, an aide said.    The Speaker asked all three men about the risks to LatinAmerican democracy and the danger that demagogues of eitherleft or right could wrest control and halt debt repayments.    Even though the Fed chief joined Baker in expressing moreconfidence in an optimistic outcome, Volcker was especiallyconcerned about the political risks, and in particular the fatigue with belt-tightening. The central banker said resolvingthe debt crisis would be a "struggle".    Since taking over the Speakership at the start of the year,Wright has shown himself an able political adversary of theadministration on budget strategy.    His involvement in this issue also seems to signal thatCongressional interest in the debt problem has to be taken moreseriously now than in the past.    More worrisome for administration strategists is thepossibility that Congressional debt proposals essentiallygranting debt relief will be attached to a trade bill.    "When (Baker and Volcker) left the Speaker's office, theyknew it wasn't just talk," one source at the meeting said.    The two economic policymakers listened patiently todescriptions of plans for a Third World debt facility, backedby gold reserves of the International Monetary Fund.    The agency could buy up or guarantee developing countrydebt at a discount and resell it to debtor nations undertakingeconomic reforms.    The U.S. Treasury would be required to ask other countriesfor their views under a bill approved by a House Bankingsubcommittee and sponsored by John LaFalce, a New York HouseDemocrat. A similar proposal is being fashioned by BruceMorrison, a House Democrat from Connecticut.    The sources said House Banking and Foreign Affairs leadersalso attended the discussions.    U.S. officials said both schemes are regarded by theadministration as providing debt relief. Baker said yesterdaythe concept of debt relief was misguided. "If we write it alloff and declare defeat, these countries will decay and witheron the vine," the Treasury Secretary said of an end to capitalinflows that would follow debt relief.    Baker has said his own plan was broad and would embrace newinnovative ideas bringing together debtors and creditors.    Baker and Volcker launched their in late 1985, calling oncommercial and multilateral banks to increase loans to majordebtors pursuing inflation-free expansion and open markets.    "They sat down together to discuss the implications forLatin America and feel each other out on the best way out," aWright aide said of the meeting. Other sources said they expectthe dialogue to continue.    The talks come after Brazil's interest rate moratorium andan uncompromising stand by the country's finance minister,Dilson Funaro, after talks with western leaders.    Some U.S. officials feel Funaro's consolidation of powerover the Brazilian economy with the ouster of Planning ministerJoao Sayad is further reason to worry.    Another proposal, to allow regulators to grant commercialbanks more flexibility in accounting for Third World loans, hasbeen presented by Senator Bill Bradley, a New Jersey Democrat,but did not come up yesterday.    Wright, who has not hitherto concerned himself with debt,"is concerned about the potential for damage. The Latin Americanissue, at least on the surface appears to be a new danger," saidan aide, who asked not to be named.    There are signs the Brazilian situation and a reluctance bycommercial banks to join in new cash loans even for debtorsfollowing substantial reforms has concerned U.S. officials.    At the State Department, Secretary of State George Shultzis being advised the "Baker plan is going through a rough patch"while Treasury officials are urging commercial banks to adoptmore flexible approaches to guarantee their continuedparticipation in the plan.    Reuter&#3;