The six basis point rise of the pastmonth in U.S. debt futures may be extended next week by aseries of U.S. economic reports, analysts said, as long as thedollar holds firm.    "Interest rates have declined by approximately 50 basispoints over the last month, largely over indications thatinflation is not as high as people had feared and the narrowingU.S. trade balance, in nominal terms," Samuel Kahan, chieffinancial economist with Kleinwort Benson GovernmentSecurities, said.    Kahan said recent government reports have shown strength inthe economy during the first quarter, but his concern iswhether the U.S. economy will sustain that strength in thelonger term.    Weak U.S. economic growth could hurt the dollar, which hasbecome more important to the direction of debt futures than thebeneficial impact on interest rates of a sluggish economy.    The median trade expectations for Tuesday's U.S. ConsumerPrice Index and Durable Goods reports are up 0.4 pct and down1.5 pct, respectively.    Meanwhile, the eight billion dlr drop in the M-1 moneysupply announced this week was "surprising, much larger thanexpected," according to Kahan. "Unless quickly reversed," sucha trend "will ensure that June M-1 growth will be negative,"Kahan said.    Taken in conjunction with M-2 and M-3 aggregates whichKahan said have "slowed to a crawl, below Federal Reserve Boardannual targets," the consequences could be a hint of economicweakness down the road, he said.    Based on chart formations, T-bond futures may be poised forfurther gains, although the advance has been slowed recently,analysts said.    September T-bonds "are up almost six points since about May18," Merrill Lynch debt analyst Jim Duggan noted. Septemberbond futures climbed from the low of 87 a month ago to over 93in mid-June, Duggan said.    While follow-through buying has aided the advance so far,and bouts of short covering have prohibited a slide throughchart support, the rally in September T-bonds has been thwartedabove the 93 level.    "The 93 level is formidable resistance and must be takenout before this activity is anything other than a trading rangemarket," Carroll McEntee and McGinley Futures debt analystBrian Singer said.    The dollar remains the key fundamental factor, and the U.S.currency has made little headway of late, analysts said.    "The critical variable remaining in the market is the valueof the dollar," Kahan said.    Additional influences next week will be possibledevelopments ahead of an OPEC members meeting, and the impactand size of the U.S. budget deficit, "although these will notbe in the forefront of the market early next week," Kahan said.    In looking ahead to the U.S. Treasury mini-refundingauctions of 24.25 billion in T-notes on Tuesday, Wednesday andThursday, Singer said the market will likely greet the resultswith little excitement. However, a successful auction couldprove to be a turning point, depending on prevailing marketpsychology. Reuter&#3;