American soybean producers areconfident the proposed European Community (EC) tax on vegetableoils and fats will be rejected but are leaving nothing tochance, American Soybean Association (ASA) president-electWayne Bennett said.    Bennett, who is leading one of three soybean producerdelegations on a lobbying tour of EC capitals, was speaking ata lunch.    After meetings at the Economics and Foreign ministries thismorning, he said the Dutch Government had indicated it wouldvote against the proposal, as had a number of other countries.    "Our information suggests we will have the required numberof votes in Brussels to prevent the tax proposal going forward,"he said.    "The proposal has been talked of in Brussels for the past 20years, and dropped every time. What we want now is to kill itonce and for all," Bennett added.    Backing up the soybean producers' active lobbying, the U.S.Government has also indicated it will be prepared to retaliatewith penal import taxes if the proposal does get through, hesaid.    The U.S. Government also feels it has a good case to fightthe proposed tax in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade(GATT), a U.S. Embassy spokesman said.    U.S. Exports of soybeans and products to the EC account forone-fifth of annual production, and are worth about 2.5 billiondlrs a year, Bennett said.    The proposed tax on oils and fats would hit U.S. Producersbadly while at the same time virtually doubling the price ofsoyoil in the EC, which would suffer far worse than otherhigher-priced oils because of the nature of the proposed tax,he added.    The revenue to the EC from the tax would simply be used tofinance the EC's own oilseed subsidy machine, he said.    "We in the ASA are dedicated free-traders. We helped defeatthe Wine Equity Act two years ago, but we will not stand by andwatch our own farmers suffer from such protectionist ECmeasures," Bennett said.    "The mood in the U.S. Is turning increasingly protectionist,and the EC's actions are fueling the chances of a trade war,"he added. Reuter&#3;