Continental Illinois Corp settled anadministrative complaint by the Securities and ExchangeCommission by agreeing to recharacterize 425 mln dlrspreviously reported in the second quarter 1984 as a "loss ofsale on loans."    Under the settlement, which was announced simultaneouslywith the filing of the SEC's administrative action, Continentalagreed to restate earlier financial reports to single out the425 mln dlrs as a separate loan loss item instead of lumping ittogether with another item. The bank holding company said thechange does not affect its operating results for 1984.    The SEC stressed in the complaint that it was notchallenging Continental's reported net loss for the secondquarter of 1984.    But it said it was misleading for the bank to split the 950mln dlr loan loss provision in half, attributing 425 mln dlrsof it to the event of sale.    The 425 mln dlrs should have been part of a 950 mln dlrbillion dlr loan loss provision required by the Office of theComptroller of the Currency, the SEC said.    Continental had originally listed 565 mln dlrs of the loanloss provision as a credit loss and another 425 mln dlrs as aloss on sale of loans, the SEC said.    It was misleading for the bank to list the 425 mln dlrs asloss on sale, which implied the loss would not have occurredhad there not been a sale of distressed loans to the FederalDeposit Insurance Corp, the SEC said.    The bank should have listed 990 mln dlrs as a credit lossinstead of 565 mln dlrs and should not have charecterized theother 425 mln dlrs as a provision for loss on sale of loans,the SEC said.    Continental agreed to the settlement with the SEC withoutadmitting or denying any violations, the SEC said.    But it agreed to restate its 1984 financial statements toaccommodate the SEC's objections and to report to itsshareholders a summarized version of the SEC's administrativeaction against it, the agency said.    A Continental official stressed that the settlement in noway will result in any change or restatement of the company'searnings for that period. Reuter&#3;