In an unusual move, Standard and Poor'sCorp downgraded a U.S. corporate debt issue soon after it waspriced for offering late last week.    But, unlike a similar action in September 1986, whichinvestment bankers said disrupted the financing, the agency'srate reduction had no effect this time, traders said.    S and P announced Friday afternoon that it cut to B fromB-plus a 900 mln dlr issue of senior notes due 1994 of HolidayInns Inc, a unit of Holiday Corp &lt;HIA>. The notes were pricedlate Thursday by sole manager Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.    In a release, Standard and Poor's said the action reflecteda change in the note issue's terms to an unsecured form of debtfrom secured. That change was made after the agency rated thenotes on February 20, S and P stated.    "We took action as we became aware that the issue'sstructure had changed," said Robert Nelson of S and P. "Wegenerally make a distinction between secured and unsecureddebt, and this was the key factor in our downgrade."    A spokesman for Drexel said the action did not affect theHoliday Inns deal, which had already sold out to investors bylate Friday afternoon.    "The Holiday notes are trading at 100.50 on a when-issuedbasis," the Drexel spokesman said soon after S and P'sannouncement. The 10-1/2 pct notes had been priced at par.    That is a far cry from late September, when S and Pdowngraded a 215 mln dlr issue of subordinated sinking funddebentures due 1998 of New World Pictures Ltd &lt;NWP> just hoursafter the pricing. Because of the rating cut to CCC-plus fromB-minus, the underwriter halted sales and repriced the issue.    Sole manager L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin initiallygave the debentures a 12-1/4 pct coupon and par pricing. Itthen repriced the issue at 97 to yield 12.74 pct.    New World Pictures had increased the issue to 215 mln dlrsfrom an original offering of 150 mln dlrs, and that brought inS and P. The agency cited the larger financing in its actionand said it believed the issuer's cash from existing operationswould not be enough to adequately service debt.    An officer with S and P said at the time the rating agencywas not told beforehand that the issue had been increased insize. Usually, issuers and underwriters alert the ratingagencies to any changes in debt offerings, he said.    In both cases, Moody's Investors Service Inc declined tofollow suit, bond traders noted.    Indeed, Moody's announced Friday that its original ratingof B-1 for the Holiday Inns notes remained appropriate.    Moody's pointed out that while the seven-year notes wouldbe unsecured obligations of Holiday Inns, the issue wouldbenefit from a negative pledge provision and a call forspecified collateral under certain circumstances.    The agency also said the B-1 rating continued to recognizea highly leveraged debt structure that would result fromHoliday's recapitalization program, as well as the company'sdependence on property sales to produce adequate cash flow fornear-term debt service.    "Aside from Holiday Inns and New World Pictures, I cannotremember the last time an issue was downgraded so soon afterthe pricing," remarked one corporate bond trader.    Holiday Inns also sold Thursday via Drexel 500 mln dlrs ofsubordinated debentures due 1999 with an 11 pct coupon and parpricing. The debentures' ratings of B-2 by Moody's and B-minusby S and P were left unchanged on Friday.    The combined offering of 1.4 billion dlrs was thesecond-largest junk bond deal ever brought to market,underwriters and traders said. They said the biggest was BCIHoldings' 2.35 billion dlr offering on April 10, 1986.    That the Holiday Inns deal sold out quickly underscored theappetite of many investors for high-yield securities.    "People are hungry for yield. They are not worried aboutdownside risk at all, especially for junk bonds issued bywell-known companies," said one portfolio manager.    As a result, investors are expected to snap up this week'splanned offerings by Allied Stores Corp of 200 mln dlrs ofsenior notes due 1992, rated B-2/B, and 600 mln dlrs of seniorsubordinated debentures due 1997, rated B-3/CCC-plus.    Lead underwriter First Boston Corp said Friday it hastentatively scheduled the securities for pricing today. Reuter&#3;