Coffee prices may have to fall even lowerto bring exporting and importing countries once more round thenegotiating table to discuss export quotas, ICO delegates andtraders said.    The failure last night of International CoffeeOrganization, ICO, producing and consuming countries to agreeexport quotas brought a sharp fall on international coffeefutures markets today with the London May price reaching a4-1/2 year low at one stage of 1,270 stg per tonne beforeending the day at 1,314 stg, down 184 stg from the previousclose.    The New York May price was down 15.59 at 108.00 cents a lb.    Pressure will now build up on producers returning from theICO talks to sell coffee which had been held back in the hopethe negotiations would establish quotas which would put a floorunder prices, some senior traders said.    The ICO 15 day average price stood at 114.66 cents a lb forMarch 2. This compares with a target range of 120 to 140 centsa lb under the system operating before quotas were suspended inFebruary last year following a sharp rise in internationalprices caused by drought damage to the Brazilian crop.    In a Reuter interview, Brazilian Coffee Institute, IBC,President Jorio Dauster urged producers not to panic and saidthey need to make hard commercial decisions. "If we have failedat the ICO, at least we have tried," Dauster said, adding "now itis time to go and sell coffee."    But Brazil is keeping its marketing options open. It plansto make an official estimate of the forthcoming crop nextmonth, Dauster said. It is too difficult to forecast now. Tradesources have put the crop at over 26 mln bags compared with aprevious crop of 11.2 mln. Brazil is defining details of publicselling tenders for coffee bought on London's futures marketlast year.    A basic condition will be that it does not go back to themarket "in one go" but is sold over a minimum of six months.    The breakdown of the ICO negotiations reflected a splitbetween producers and consumers on how to set the yardstick forfuture quotas. Consumers said "objective criteria" like averageexports and stocks should determine producer quota shares,Dauster said.    All elements of this proposal were open to negotiation butconsumers insisted they did not want a return to the "ad hoc" wayof settling export quotas by virtual horse trading amongstproducers whilst consumers waited in the corridors of the ICO.    Dauster said stocks and exports to ICO members andnon-members all need to be considered when setting quotas andthat Brazil would like to apply the coffee pact with a setratio of overall quota reflecting stock holdings.    It is a "simplistic misconception that Brazil can dictate"policy to other producers. While consumer countries are welcometo participate they cannot dictate quotas which are verydifficult to allocate as different "objective criteria" achievedifferent share-outs of quota, Dauster said.    Other delegates said there was more open talking at the ICOand at least differences were not hidden by a bad compromise.    Consumer delegates said they had not been prepared toaccept the producers' offer to abandon quotas if it provesimpossible to find an acceptable basis for them.    "We want the basis of quotas to reflect availability and toencourage stock holding as an alternative to a buffer stock ifsupplies are needed at a later stage," one delegate said.    Some consumers claimed producer support for the consumerargument was gaining momentum towards the end of the ICOsession but said it is uncertain whether this will now collapseand how much producers will sink their differences shouldprices fall further and remain depressed.    The ICO executive board meets here March 30 to April 1 butboth producer and consumer delegates said they doubt if realnegotiations will begin then. The board is due to meet inIndonesia in June with a full council scheduled for September.    More cynical traders said the pressure of market forces andpolitics in debt heavy Latin American producer countries couldbring ICO members back around the negotiating table sooner thanmany imagine. In that case quotas could come into force duringthe summer. But most delegates and traders said quotas beforeOctober are unlikely, while Brazil's Dauster noted the ICO hascontinued although there were no quotas from 1972 to 1980.    A clear difference between the pressures already being feltby importers and exporters was that consumers would have beenhappy to agree on a formula for future quotas even if it couldnot be imposed now. At least in that way they said they couldshow a direct relationship between quotas and availability.    In contrast producers wanted stop-gap quotas to plug theseemingly bottomless market and were prepared to allow these tolapse should lasting agreement not be found.    "Producers were offering us jam tomorrow but after theirfailure to discuss them last year promises were insufficientand we wanted a cast iron commitment now," one consumer said. Reuter&#3;