European Community (EC) agricultureministers ended a three-day meeting in Luxembourg still deeplydivided over plans by the EC Commission to curb the cost of theEC's farm policy through sharp cuts in farm returns.    Their chairman, Belgium's Paul de Keersmaeker, told a newsconference after the meeting he would work on a paper settingout possible compromise solutions in the next two weeks, withthe hope that the ministers can get down to detailednegotiations at a meeting in Brussels on May 18.    But diplomats said the talks this week had served littlemore than to clarify member states' positions on the complexpackage of measures proposed by the commission.    The executive body has proposed measures which would resultin price cuts this year for many crops of upwards of 10 pct.    Other controversial plans include a tax on EC-produced andimported oilseeds and fats to bring in two billion Europeancurrency units, to help the EC's cash crisis, and changes inthe conversion of EC common farm prices into nationalcurrencies which would inflict extra burdens on West German andDutch farmers.    De Keersmaeker attempted yesterday to narrow differencesbetween EC states on the oils tax proposal, the currencymeasures and the key question of cereals prices and associatedmeasures.    But he told journalists, "We have used this meeting to reachthe point at which real negotiations can start at the nextmeeting. Ideally they should have started now but ourprocedures took much longer than planned."    Ministers are in theory supposed to agree a price packageby April 1 each year, although this target is seldom reached inpractice.    Diplomats said on all the points there were widelydiverging views, with Britain and the Netherlands, thecountries most supportive of commission proposals for cerealsprice cuts, strongly opposed to the oils tax.    However, de Keersmaeker said West German objections to themonetary proposals could prove the most difficult issue toresolve. "This is a very tough political nut, and because of thevery nature of the problem there is no technical solution," hesaid. Commission sources said farm commissioner FransAndriessen was prepared to alter some technical aspects of hisproposals to make an agreement easier.    However, because of the EC's budgetary crisis, he hadlittle room for concessions to pleas for a cut in the impact ofhis proposals on farmers' incomes as several ministers, led byGermany's Ignaz Kiechle, are demanding.    EC Commission president Jacques Delors has warned that theEC will have an accumulated budgetary deficit of over fivebillion Ecus by the end of this year, even if the commissionfarm price package is adopted in its entirety. REUTER&#3;