Diversified industrial and investmentgroup The Adelaide Steamship Co Ltd &lt;ADSA.S> said it waslooking to the British market for future investment in view ofhigh share prices and interest rates in Australia.    "Because of lower interest rates and improved economicstatistics, we believe the U.K. At the present time offersbetter value and we hold strategic investments in that market,"it said in a statement.    Adsteam did not name any British investments but it hasdisclosed a stake in Blue Circle Industries Plc &lt;BCIL.L>, laststated by Adsteam in London at 6.85 pct in late February.    Adsteam said it was continuing to look for investmentopportunities both in Australia and overseas, but with theAustralian stock market at record levels, opportunities toacquire companies on reasonable investment criteria werelimited.    As earlier reported, Adsteam will raise 228.5 mln dlrs forworking capital and investment both in Australia and overseasthrough a one-for-five rights issue at 11.50 dlrs a share.    "We expect to enter 1988 in a highly liquid position andwill be looking to take advantage of investment opportunitiesas they arise," it said.    Nevertheless, Adsteam said it continues to be a largeinvestor in the Australian market through its equity-accountedassociates and through other major investments.    "We have enjoyed a very substantial increase in the marketvalue of our investments over the course of this financialyear, but we are concerned at the economic fundamentals whichpersist in Australia, particularly the high interest rateswhich currently apply," it said.    Adsteam also said it had hedged part of its Australianstock market portfolio in the futures market and had hedged allforeign currency borrowings.    Realised losses from futures hedging have been brought toaccount as extraordinary items but unrealised gains frominvestments significantly exceed realised and unrealised losseson hedging, Adsteam said.    In its earlier reported first half ended December 31,Adsteam posted an extraordinary loss of 20.39 mln dlrs againsta 13.79 mln profit a year earlier.    Equity-accounted net profit before extraordinaries rose to75.05 mln dlrs from 55.68 mln a year earlier. REUTER&#3;