USX Corp chairman David Roderick calledfor a lower value for the U.S. dollar against other currenciesto help speed a correction in the U.S. trade deficit, whichlast year reached 170 billion dlrs.    In remarks prepared for a speech before the Economic Clubof Detroit, Roderick said, "There should be total resolve thatthe dollar versus other major currencies, as well as thecurrencies of other nations having a substantial trade surpluswith us, must continue to decline so that the correction in ourtrade deficit starts on the road to recovery."    Roderick said the U.S. should be understanding of the"economic pain" our trading partners experience as a result ofa falling dollar.    But, he added, "As painful as the correction may be to ourtrading partners, it is less painful than leaving the problemuncorrected because that would lead us into an inevitable,lengthy and steep world recession."    Roderick said between February 1985 and December 1986 thedollar fell by more than 40 pct in real terms against majorindustrial currencies and by 30 to 35 pct against a broadergroup of currencies of nearly all developing nations.    At the end of 1986, he said, the value of foreign assets inthe U.S. exceeded the value of U.S. assets abroad by 240billion dlrs, compared to five years ago when the U.S. had asurplus in assets of 141 billion. A company spokesman said thedata were provided by economic consultants to USX.    The primary reason for the trade imbalance was the 70 pctrise of the dollar between 1980 and 1985, although otherfactors were involved, Roderick said. But it is wrong, he said,"to attribute the massive trade deficit to a fundmentaldeterioration of U.S. productivity or of American productquality."    These areas need to be improved but they are not the rootcause of the trade gap problem, Roderick said. He urgedAmerican manufacturers to become more competitive so they cancompete in global markets.    In the speech, the USX chairman also called for changes insecurities laws to curb what he called abuses by corporateraiders and speculators.    Among his proposals, which he presented to the SenateBanking Committee in testimony last week, were a requirementthat raiders give 24-hour notice for every one pct of stockthey acquire in a company.    Roderick proposed that tender offers must be made for allcash to all stockholders on equal terms and that raiders berequired to have financing in place before a tender is made.    Further, raiders should be required to make an all-cashtender offer once they acquire 10 pct of a target company'sstock, he said. And payment of greenmail, or a preferentialprice by a target company to buy back a raider's stake, shouldbe prohibited under the revised laws.    Roderick said changes were necessary to curb abuses butthat he did not want laws that would hurt the financial marketsor discourage "fair price to all" takeovers. Reuter&#3;