venezuela's biggest private company, laelectricidad de caracas, will meet with bank creditors in newyork on monday to discuss the danger of a  default on its 622mln dlr foreign debt, a company spokesman said.    "we are in an impossible situation. Unless we getgovernment relief, the company will be bankrupt in threeyears," he told reuters.    La electricidad's problems stem from the government'sdecember decision to set private debt payments at 7.50 bolivarsper dollar instead of 4.3.    Company officials estimate that the currency change raisedthe debt to 4.67 billion bolivars from 2.67 billion. additionalpreferential dollar premiums put the total cost at 7.47billion, not including interest payments.    Under the government plan for repaying the 7.8 billion dlrprivate debt, the central bank will guarantee debtors theirdollars at 7.5 with a premium of 4.50 per dollar.    La electricidad president francisco aguerrevere will meethis bank advisory committee, led by morgan guaranty, to explainthat unless government assistance is forthcoming the companycannot meet its obligations.    La electricidad ceased principal payments under a five-yearrefinancing plan last year, althouigh interest has been paid,the officials said. They said exchange contracts, which thegovernment no longer recognizes, were signed with the centralbank for this refinancing at 4.3 per dollar.    The company spokesman said the new york meeting will beheld to inform the committee, representing 72 banks, of thelatest developments on efforts to lobby the government.    "the banks are anxious to know the situation on debtpayments, but we can only tell them we are waiting for agovernment response to our proposals," he said.    La electricidad is seeking permission for a 50 pct rateincrease, which officials say would bring in an extra 1.3billion bolivars this year.    The 30 pct tariff increase introduced in january will onlybring in an extra 600 mln bolivars per year against additionaldebt costs of 900 mln.    Without relief, the company will incur losses of 287 mlnbolivars this year, 556 mln in 1988, 733 mln in 1989 and 1.47billion in 1990. In 1990 the company would be decapitalized 874mln bolivars.    As alternatives to the rate increase, the company has alsoproposed allowing la electricidad a grace period on payment ofthe exchange risk premium to the central bank, a longer periodto pay it, or a soft loan from the government.    The company spokesman said the government has not respondedto the proposals and there have been no formal meetings sincejanuary.    "if these solutions are not agreed to, we face the finalresort of either the government buying the debt or the companybeing nationalised," he said. Reuter&#3;