Bank profits in the Gulf oil state ofQatar are coming under renewed pressure and foreign banks areretrenching further in one of the region"s most overbankedmarkets.    Results for 1986 show a year of declining profit forseveral foreign banks, although locally-owned operations werein some cases able to cushion the drop by increasing marketshare.    &lt;Qatar National Bank SAQ>"s (QNB) General Manager, AbdullaKhalid al-Attiya, said: "The economy is not improving as wehoped... 1987 will be another difficult year for the banks."    Oil-dependent Qatar, with a tiny indigenous population of60,000 to 80,000 and an expatriate workforce estimated at about280,000, boasts five local banks and 10 foreign bankoperations.    Local and foreign bankers in the capital said the Gulf-widerecession, aggravated this year by Qatar"s severe difficultymarketing its crude oil at official OPEC prices, has taken aheavy toll on the economy and bank profitability.    As a result, the only U.S. Bank, &lt;Citibank NA>, is thoughtto be negotiating to sell its operation to the fast growinglocally based &lt;Al Ahli Bank of Qatar QSC> which only startedoperations in 1984, bankers said. Citibank would not comment.    Other foreign banks have retrenched, with &lt;StandardChartered Bank> cutting staff and others expected to follow.&lt;Banque Paribas> is examining a change in its status to admit51 pct Qatari ownership in a bid to improve its access to localbusiness, bankers said.    One banker added: "Weak profits are here to stay for thetime being. There is no cause for optimism at the moment."    Sentiment had picked up briefly at the end of last yearwhen OPEC reached its accord to curb oil output and return tofixed prices. However, it soon became apparent that Qatar washaving difficulty selling oil at OPEC prices.    The soft spot oil market has left official Qatari crudeprices 20 to 40 cents more expensive and sales have beenrunning in recent weeks at 100,000 and 120,000 barrels per day,well down on the nation"s OPEC quota of 285,000, oil sourcessaid.    Bankers said this serious shortfall in Qatar"s revenue hasled to a new spate of payments delays from the public sector toprivate contractors after a marginal improvement in January.    Loan loss provisions continued to eat into bank profitslast year, as did the introduction of minimum reserverequirements by the Qatar Monetary Agency. Trade financing hasalmost dried up as a traditional source of bank income.    Of the local banks, QNB conducts the bulk of thegovernment"s business and subsequently enjoys a huge advantageits rivals cannot expect to match, bankers said.    The bank reported a 2.9 pct rise in net 1986 profit to 93.1mln Qatari riyals, while its balance sheet grew by 10.8 pct to9.0 billion, making it by far the largest bank in Qatar.    But the strong assets growth partly reflected bridgingloans for the public and private sector to tide governmentdepartments and local business over the lean economic spell,Attiya said. "Generally speaking, we are overbanked in Qatar," hesaid, echoing a widespread feeling in the banking community.    Other local banks fared less strongly. The second largest,&lt;Doha Bank Ltd QSC>, reported a 13 pct drop in net profit to27.5 mln riyals, while &lt;Commercial Bank of Qatar Ltd QSC>,registered a decline to 18.5 mln riyals from 19.4 mln in 1985.    The newcomer Al Ahli Bank, continued to expand rapidly andreported net profit of 5.2 mln compared with 3.3 mln during thestart-up period from August 4, 1984 to end-1985.    Bankers said the local banks had clearly begun to wincommercial deposits previously held by foreign banks,increasing already strong pressure on non-Qatari banks toreexamine their staffing levels and overheads.    &lt;Grindlays Bank PLC> recorded a net loss at its Doha branchlast year of 4.7 mln riyals after registering a nominal profitin 1985 of 12,000 riyals.    Two other long-established banks in the Gulf, the &lt;BritishBank of the Middle East> (BBME) and Standard Chartered, alsofound last year a difficult climate to make strong profits.    BBME"s net profit fell to 3.2 mln riyals from 10.4 mln in1985, but Assistant Manager John Farquharson said 1985"s resulthad been artificially inflated by tax rebates on provisions.    "Foreign banks are seeing their assets decline, while localbanks are increasing their market share," Farquharson said.    BBME"s operating profit was steady in 1986, edging up to12.3 mln riyals from 11.5 mln in 1985. "We are expecting thesame level of operating profit in 1987," Farquharson said.    Standard Chartered"s net profit last year recovered slightlyto 1.6 mln riyals after a loss of 161,000 in 1985. Staffnumbers were cut last year to reduce overheads.    Bankers said the lack of new construction projects in Qatarmeans business is unlikely to pick up this year although hopesare rising that the start of Qatari gas exploitation couldprovide a boost. But the threat of higher U.S. Interest ratesmay erode bank deposits as savings are moved offshore. REUTER&#3;