Japanese creditor banks are close to adecision to jointly establish an offshore firm to which theywill transfer part of their title to possibly unrecoverabledebts owed by developing nations, international financialsources told Reuters.    Details of the deal are likely be decided next week and thefirm set up before the end of the month, they said.    The scheme is intended to improve financial management atthe banks and reduce the risk of problems in the event of debtsturning bad, the sources said.    Last week's announcement by Brazil that it wouldindefinitely suspend interest payments on an estimated 68billion dlrs owed to commercial banks prompted Japanesecreditors to finalise the project, the sources said.    Major Japanese banks have been considering a plan to avoida debt crisis since the start of the year, they said.    There are likely to be at least 10 participating banks, andperhaps as many as 28, they said.    About 30 Japanese commercial banks have outstanding loanstotalling over 10 billion dlrs to Brazil, accounting for about15 pct of all commercial loans to that country.    The most likely venue for the envisaged firm is theCaribbean tax haven of the Cayman Islands, the sources said.    The idea is to create a pool of funds in the firm withparticipating creditor banks holding the firm's stock.    The firm will then use the funds to buy from itsstock-holding banks title to repayments of specified foreignloans which are potentially bad, the sources said.    The stock-holding banks will draw up a list of such loans.    Subject to the scheme would be loans extended todebt-ridden countries such as Mexico and Argentina, they said.    The financial sources said interest payments to the firmwould not be taxed because of its location. Japanese banks haveasked the finance ministry to increase tax breaks on loan lossreserves, but the ministry has not yet complied.    A senior ministry official welcomed the scheme and said itmay encourage new lending to developing countries.    The ministry instructs banks to establish reserves for upto five pct of their loans to 35 financially troubledcountries, but it only grants tax breaks on reserves accountingfor one pct of the loans. REUTER&#3;