Floating-rate notes denominated in aforeign currency, a relatively new wrinkle on Wall Street, willprobably be issued infrequently because the so-called "windowof opportunity" opens and closes quickly, traders say.    "In just two days we had as many issues. As a result, themarket became glutted," said one trader.    He said the window depends more on supply than on foreignexchange or interest rate risk, at least for the moment."Obviously, currency risk is important. But there is a limitednumber of investors right now for the paper," he said.    On Thursday, Bear, Stearns and Co sole-managed a 100 mlnNew Zealand dlr offering of three-year floating-rate notesissued by Ford Motor Credit Co, a unit of Ford Motor Co &lt;F>.    The initial rate for the notes will be set on April 15, andquarterly after that, at 200 basis points below the 90-day NewZealand bank bill rate. They are non-callable for life.    This followed by a week another Bear Stearns-led offeringof the same amount of New Zealand dollar notes for Dow ChemicalCo &lt;DOW>. The initial rate was also to be initially set onApril 15, and quarterly after that, at 340 basis points belowthe same 90-day New Zealand rate.    Because the Dow Chemical notes carried an interest ratefloor of 17 pct, the issue saw strong investor demand,underwriters said.    But the Ford Credit notes and Friday's offering of 130 mlnNew Zealand dlrs of floating-rate notes due 1990 issued byGeneral Electric Co's &lt;GE> General Electric Credit Corp viaPrudential-Bache Securities Inc, did not have such a floor.    "Obviously, the two firms did not want to issue floatersand face the risk of New Zealand rates falling sharply," anunderwriter away from the syndicates said. He and others notedthat the New Zealand 90-day rate was 27 pct late last week.    An underwriter familiar with the Dow Chemical deal pointedout that because of the interest rate and currency swaps Dowdid, the issuer felt comfortable setting a rate floor.    Domestic offerings of foreign currency denominated datefirst surfaced in Fall 1985. By using currency and rate swaps,companies can sell debt that pays a high interest rate in aforeign currency like Australian or New Zealand dollars. Butthe issuers actually realize savings on borrowing costs.    "I would say that every company which issued foreigncurrency debt saved some basis points when compared tosame-maturity plain vanilla U.S. issues," an analyst said.    Investors, mainly institutions, were attracted to the earlyissues because of the high interest rates. They were willing toabsorb foreign currency risk until mid-1986, when sharp slidesposted by the Australian and New Zealand dollars brought suchissuance to a quick halt.    It was not until late last year, after the currenciesstabilized, that companies again started issuing debtdenominated in Australian and New Zealand dollars.    But many investors have still shied away from the debt,remembering the mid-1986 downturn of the Australian and NewZealand dollars, analysts noted.    To attract some of those investors back to the fold,underwriters like Bear Stearns decided to structure the foreigncurrency issues as floating rate debt, sources said.    This occurred against a backdrop of uncertainty over thecourse of U.S. interest rates for the intermediate term, andpredictions by a number of economists that Treasury yieldswould rise in the second half of the year, the sources noted.    A Bear Stearns officer said more than half of the FordCredit notes were sold by late Friday afternoon, the second dayof offering. "That is quicker than some recent fixed-rate NewZealand dollar note issues," he said.    However, underwriters away from the Bear Stearns syndicatesaid the issue may have sold even faster if Prudential-Bachedid not offer the General Electric Credit notes on Friday.    They pointed out that the Ford notes were rated A-1 byMoody's Investors and AA-minus by Standard and Poor's, whilethe General Electric notes, which had the same interest rateterms and were also non-callable to maturity, carriedtop-flight AAA ratings by both agencies.    "We have sold 20 to 25 pct of the GE notes. For first-daysales on a Friday afternoon, I'm happy with the results," anofficer on Prudential-Bache's syndicate desk said.    Investors pay the U.S. dollar equivalent of the foreigncurrency-denominated notes, underwriters said.    Investment bankers said the next floating-rate issue of NewZealand or Australian dollar-denominated debt is probably a fewweeks away.    "I would like to underwrite a deal a day. But with the Dow,Ford and GE offerings, the marketplace has had enough for thetime being," the Prudential-Bache officer admitted.    Meanwhile, IDD Information Services said the 30-daycorporate visible supply fell to 3.29 billion dlrs last weekfrom 3.98 billion dlrs in the previous week. Reuter&#3;