U.S. authorities intervened in theforeign exchange market to support the dollar on one occasionduring the period between the start of November 1986 and theend of January, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said in areport.    The Fed's quarterly review of foreign exchange operationssaid that the U.S. bought 50 mln dlrs through the sale of yenon January 28. This operation was coordinated with the Japanesemonetary authorities and was funded equally by the Fed and theU.S. Treasury.    The Fed's intervention was on the morning after presidentReagan's State of the Union message and was "in a mannerconsistent with the joint statement" made by U.S. Treasurysecretary James Baker and Japanese finance minister KiichiMiyazawa after their January 21 consultations.    At that meeting, the two reaffirmed their willingness tocooperate on exchange rate issues.    The Fed's report did not say at what level the interventionoccurred. But on January 28, the dollar closed at 151.50/60 yenafter dipping as low as 150.40 yen earlier in the session. Ithad closed at 151.05/15 yen the previous day.    The dollar had plumbed a post-World War II low of 149.98yen on January 19 and reached a seven-year low of 1.7675 markson January 28. It ended that day at 1.7820/30 marks.    The Fed noted that, after trading steadily throughoutNovember and the first half of December, the dollar movedsharply lower until the end of January.    It closed the three-month review period down more than 11pct against the mark and most other Continental currencies andseven pct lower against the yen and sterling. It had fallenfour pct against the Canadian dollar.    During the final days of January, pressure on the dollarsubsided. Reports of the U.S.-Japanese intervention operationand talk of an upcoming meeting of the major industrialcountries encouraged expectations for broader cooperation onexchange rate and economic policy matters, the Fed said.    Moreover, doubts had developed about the course of U.S.interest rates. The dollar's swift fall had raised questionsabout whether the Fed would let short-term rates ease.    Thus the dollar firmed to close the period at 1.8320 marksand 153.70 yen. According to the Fed's trade-weighted index, ithad declined nine pct since the beginning of the period.    The dollar had risen as high as 2.08 marks and 165 yen inearly November.    The Fed last intervened in the foreign exchange market onNovember 7, 1985 when it bought a total of 102.2 mln dlrs worthof marks and yen.    The Fed's action followed the September 1985 Plazaagreement between the five major industrial nations under whichthey agreed to promote an orderly decline of the dollar. Reuter&#3;