&lt;MTS Acquisition Corp>, a companyformed by Martin T. Sosnoff, said it has started a tender offerfor all shares of Caesars World Inc at 28 dlrs each.    In a newspaper advertisement, MTS said the offer andwithdrawal rights expire April Three unless extended.    Sosnoff, a New York investor, already owns about four mlnof Caesars' 30.3 mln shares outstanding, or about 13.3 pct, andis Caesars' largest shareholder.  Caesars owns casino hotels inNevada and honeymoon resorts in Pennsylvania's PoconoMountains.  It also controls Caesars New Jersey Inc &lt;CJN>,which owns an Atlantic City, N.J., casino hotel.    For the second quarter ended January 31, Caesars Worldearned 12.6 mln dlrs on revenues of 190.4 mln dlrs, up fromearnings of 7,500,000 dlrs and revenues of 163.8 mln dlrs ayear before.  For all of fiscal 1986, the company earned 41.0mln dlrs on revenues of 694.4 mln dlrs.    MTS said the offer is conditioned on receipt of at leastenough shares to give Sosnoff a majority interest on a fullydiluted basis, the arrangement of sufficient financing to buyall Caesars shares not already owned and pay related costs andapproval by the New Jersey Casino control Commission and theNEvada Gaming Commission and State Gaming Control Board.    MTS said Marine Midland Banks Inc &lt;MM> has committed tolend it 100 mln dlrs for the acquisition and use its bestefforts to syndicate another 400 mln dlrs in senior financingfor the transaction.    It said its financial adviser, PaineWebber Group Inc &lt;PWJ>,has stated in writing that subject to market conditions, it ishighly confident that it can arrange commitments for up to 475mln dlrs in "mezzanine" financing.    MTS said it does not expect problems in obtaining NewJersey and Nevada regulatory approval for the acquisition,since ownership in a Caesars stake has already been cleared.    In June 1986, Sosnoff requested a seat on the Caesars Worldboard, a request that has not yet been granted.  In September1986, Sosnoff, who is chairman of &lt;Atalanta/Sosnoff CapitalCorp>, filed for clearance under U.S. antitrust laws to raisehis interest in Caesars World to 25 pct.    Sosnoff said, in a letter to Caesars World chairman andchief executive officer Henry Gluck, that "The decision to godirectly to the shareholders was made at the urging of mayfinancial and legal advisors, who repeatedly stressed to me thelack of responsiveness of the management in the past."    Sosnoff, who said he has made numerous efforts to expresshis views to management on ways of maximizing shareholdervalues, said Caesars twicce refused his request for a boardseat.  "My advisers felt that, had I given you advance notice,you would have used the time to throw up obstacles to my offerrather than giving it serious consideration," he said.    Sosnoff said he hopes that Caesars World management will bewilling to negotiate an acquisition agreement with him.    "As I have indicated publicly in the past, I believeoperating management of the company has performed well and thatappropriate consideration should be given to a significantequity interest for them in the company following theacquisition," Sosnoff said in the letter to Gluck.    MTS said Sosnoff has asked the company to fix March 27 asthe record date for the determination of shareholders entitledto authorize action without a meeting -- including the electionor removal of directors. Reuter&#3;