A final compromise proposal on cocoabuffer stock rules presented by International CocoaOrganization, ICCO, council chairman Denis Bra Kanon is swiftlygaining acceptance by consumer and producer members, delegatessaid.    "We are close, nearer than ever to accepting it, but westill have some work to do," producer spokesman Mama Mohammed ofGhana told Reuters after a producers' meeting.    European Community, EC, delegates said EC consumersaccepted the package in a morning meeting and predicted "noproblems" in getting full consumer acceptance.    Delegates on both sides are keen to come to some agreementtoday, the last day of the fortnight-long council meeting, theysaid.    The compromise requires that buffer stock purchases fromnon-ICCO member countries cannot exceed 15 pct of total bufferstock purchases, delegates said. The non-member cocoa issue hasbeen among the most contentious in the rules negotiations.    The 15 pct figure, up five percentage points from earlierproposals, represents a concession to consumers, delegatessaid. They have demanded a larger allowance for non-membercocoa in the buffer stock than producers have wanted.    Another problem area, delegates said, was the question ofprice differentials for different origins of cocoa bought intothe buffer stock, by which the buffer stock manager couldfairly compare relative prices of different cocoas offered tohim.    The compromise narrowed the range of differentials betweenthe origins from what previous proposals had detailed -- a movesome delegates described as "just fiddling."    But the adjustments may prove significant enough to appeasesome countries that were not satisfied with the originalproposed differentials assigned to them, delegates said.    The compromise also stated buffer stock purchases on anyday would be limited to 40 pct each in nearby, intermediate orforward positions, delegates said.    If the compromise is accepted by the council, mostconsumers and producers want buffer stock rules to take effectnext week, or as soon as practically possible.    The full council is scheduled to meet around 1500 GMT todiscuss the compromise, and could agree on it then if allparties are satisfied, they said. Consumers are due to meetbefore the council. Reuter&#3;