Air Canada's 54 mln U.S. dlracquisition of Gelco Corp's &lt;GEC> Canadian unit hasdramatically altered Canada's fast growing courier industry,largely dominated by U.S. companies until this year, companyofficials and analysts said.    State-owned Air Canada takes over the country's secondlargest overnight courier business just two months afteranother Canadian company, &lt;Onex Capital Corp Ltd>, approved theacquisition of number one ranked Purolator Courier Ltd from NewJersey-based Purolator Courier Corp &lt;PCC>.    But analysts said the two acquisitions were prompted byfinancial restructuring undertaken by the U.S. parent companiesand likely don't represent an industry trend toward buying outforeign owned courier operations.    "It's a case of whether you can buy from the right people atthe right time," McLeod Young Weir Ltd transportation analystTony Hine commented.    The two acquisitions fit with a larger move by U.S.companies embroiled in a take-over or restructuring to sell-offtheir Canadian units to generate ready cash, said NesbittThomson Deacon Inc analyst Harold Wolkin.    "There is a very good correlation between the U.S. parentselling Canadian subsidiaries and the U.S. parent either beingunder siege or taking someone else over," he said.    Gelco Corp, of Minnesota, decided to sell Gelco Express Ltdas part of its previously announced program to sell off fouroperating units to buy back shares and pay down debt, GelcoExpress marketing vice president James O'Neil told Reuters.    The sale is the first under Gelco's divestiture program,and proceeds will be used to help pay down 350 mln U.S. dlrs ofdebt by year-end, the company said.    While company officials declined to disclose earnings andrevenue figures, O'Neil said Gelco Express holds a dominantposition in the industry, handling more than 50,000 packages aday and generating revenues of more than 100 mln Canadian dlrsa year.    The earlier move by Purolator to sell its Canadian unitformed an important part of a company restructuring program,adopted after another Canadian Company, &lt;Unicorp Canada Corp>,acquired a 12.6 pct stake in Purolator and said it wouldconsider acquiring the whole company.    Last month, Purolator agreed to be acquired by a companyformed by E.F. Hutton LBO Inc and certain managers ofPurolator's U.S. courier business.    For Air Canada, its acquisition of Gelco's Canadian courierbusiness represents an "excellent financial investment" in amarket it sees growing by 25 to 30 pct annually, spokesmanEsther Szynkarsky said.    The airline also announced it acquired a 65 pct stake inEMS Corp, of Calgary, an in-city messenger service.    It did not disclose financial terms, but Szynkarsky saidthe two acquisitions totalled about 90 mln Canadian dlrs, andthe two business have combined yearly revenues of 170 mln dlrs.    She said the acquisition fit with Air Canada's strategy ofseeking attractive investments that compliment its main airlinebusiness.    Gelco will continue to operate with current management,independently of Air Canada, although Air Canada alreadyoperates its own air cargo business that includes a smalldoor-to-door courier operation.    "They're well run, they're a good investment, they're doingwell in a growing market, and that's the way we want to keepit," Szynkarsky said.    Analyst Hine said the Gelco and Purolator Canadian unitswill likely retain operating links with their U.S. deliverynetwork, generating traffic for the former parent companieswithout them having to tie up capital in Canada.    "The nature of the business is that incremental traffic isincremental revenue," Hine said.    "It's sort of a sausage maker business where you put inplace the sausage grinder, and the more sausage you can stuffthrough, the more money you make," he added. Reuter&#3;