West Germany's banking authoritiesare being drawn into the currency scandal surroundingVolkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F> as the repercussions and allegations inthe financial community widen, banking sources said.    The Bundesbank has seconded one of its currency experts tohelp the state prosecutor investigating the currency fraud atVolkswagen, VW, in Brunswick, a Bundesbank spokesman said.    The Federal Banking Supervisory Office in West Berlin alsois considering press allegations that several banks "parked" openpositions with VW, breaching banking regulations.    Earlier this month Volkswagen said it had incurredpotential losses of 480 mln marks in an alleged fraud involvingthe hedging of open currency positions.    The foreign exchange activities of a large non-bankcorporation would not normally attract the attention of WestGerman banking regulators.    Their strict foreign exchange rules, set up after theHerstatt banking crash in 1974, apply only to banks.    "This strict banking supervision aims to protect specialinterests -- creditors and depositors," the Bundesbank spokesmansaid, adding company shareholders were not covered.    "The Volkswagen case, in so far as it involves Volkswagen'snormal foreign exchange business, lies far outside the area ofthe Bundesbank," he said.    The Bundesbank's decision to send a currency expert toBrunswick to help investigations into activities involvingVolkswagen's foreign exchange dealing room was part of thenormal assistance rendered by one public authority to another.    The expert will count as part of the state prosecutor'sstaff and not report back to the Bundesbank, he said.    But the Bundesbank could get more closely involved inallegations that banks used VW to circumvent regulations.    Section 1a of the Banking Law requires banks at the closeof business each day to hold no more than 30 pct of theircapital and reserves in open positions.    The section was introduced after the Herstatt bank crash in1974 due to currency speculation.    The Platow Brief financial newsletter said on Friday thatabout 16 banks, mainly foreign, had been circumventing section1a by "parking" such excess open positions with VW.    This would mean that the bank concerned would sell theposition temporarily to VW, buying it back a day or so later.    However, such repurchase agreements are expressly includedin section 1a as still counting as open positions.    A spokesman for the Federal Banking Supervisory Office inWest Berlin said it was following the allegations butinvestigations were difficult because the 16 banks had not beennamed. He declined to say what steps were being taken.    But banking sources said the Supervisory Office as aninitial step had approached the Platow Brief for the identityof the banks, but this had been refused. The Platow Briefdeclined comment.    If the Supervisory Office ascertains that the bankingregulations have been infringed, it will pursue the case withthe assistance of the Bundesbank.    The Office, subordinate to the Finance Ministry, does nothave branches outside Berlin.    The independent Bundesbank however operates 203 branches inWest Germany, closely monitoring local banks.    Banks deposit statistics, including currency position data,once a month with the Bundesbank's regional administrations atfederal state level, the Landeszentralbanken (LZBs).    Currency dealers said parking excess positions withnon-banking corporates was frequent practice.    Such positions would often be sold for tomorrow/nextdelivery, with a verbal agreement to buy it back the next dayat the same rate.    A VW spokesman said it was company policy not to undertakecurrency hedging but he confirmed that arbitrage was allowed.    He declined to estimate the volume of currency arbitraging.German press reports have put it at 80 billion marks a year.    The spokesman declined to comment on how it would have beenpossible to carry out a fraud involving currency hedging giventhe company's policy not to conduct this kind of business.    VW finance director Rolf Selowsky accepted responsibilityand resigned. VW has suspended six other officials and firedits former foreign exchange chief, Burkhard "Bobby" Junger.    Management board chief Carl Hahn told a ceremony todaymarking VW's 50 millionth vehicle that personnel changes didnot mean any of those involved was guilty. REUTER&#3;