French Prime Minister Jacques Chiraccalled on leading Western nations to set up a mechanism whichwould put a stop to volatile foreign exchange rates.    In a speech prepared for delivery to businessmen andbankers in New York, Chirac said said monetary stablility was akey element in bringing the world financial system back tohealth.    "The industrialized states should agree to set up a monetaryframework which would provide the necessary stability as wellas sufficient flexibility to allow ajustments when needed,"Chirac said.    "This requires a monitoring and alert mechanism which wouldpermit a timely and concerted reaction," he said.    The prime minister, on the first day of a three-day visitto the United States, said the February 22 Paris accords agreedby the "Group of Five" industrial nations should serve as a basisfor the new mechanism.     Under the Paris accords, the United States, Britain,France, West Germany, and Japan agreed to stabilize exchangerates around existing parities. But, only five weeks after theywere signed, they have failed to stop the dollar tumbling torecord lows against the yen.    Chirac said the means to monitor exchange rate movementswere readily available. "What is needed is the political will touse these more completely, in the spirit of the Parisaccords... "    In other points of his speech, Chirac called on countrieswith high trade surpluses -- an apparent reference to Japan --to open up their markets and stimulate demand.    He warned the United States that protectionist measures asdebated in the U.S. Congress would bring a tough  response fromthe 12-nation European Community.    "Europe is very sensitive to every rumour of protectionism.It will react with energy and solidarity because it does notwant to ruin its chances of recovery."    The Reagan administration is seeking to tone down a toughtrade bill which if passed would require the president toretaliate against countries deemed to discriminate against U.S.Goods.    Chirac also appealed for an effort from developed countriesto help the Third World by reducing interest rates andstimulating commodity prices.    "No stock-pile mechanism can run counter to the underlyingtrend of the market. These agreements must be complemented byfinancial aid to the developing countries hardest hit by thedecline."    Chirac said he hoped concrete steps could be reached onthese issues at forthcoming international meetings -- theInternational Monetary Fund/World Bank session in Washingtonand the June summit of seven leading western nations in Venice. Reuter&#3;