The Tower Commission's scathing   comments on President Reagan's embattled chief of staff DonaldRegan could signal the death knell to his White House tenure,but the impact of its strong criticism on two other topofficials was less clear.    Regan has come in for tough criticism for his handling ofReagan's worst political crisis since details of the covertarms sales to Iran and diversion of profits to Nicaraguanrebels first emerged last November.    But criticism of the roles of Secretary of State GeorgeShultz and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger, who said theyopposed the Iran arms initiative yet failed to end it, had beenmuted until the release of the Tower Commission report.    "Their obligation was to give the president their fullsupport and continued advice with respect to the program or, ifthey could not in conscience do that, to so inform thepresident," the report said after a three-month probe.    "Instead, they simply distanced themselves from the program.They protected the record as to their own positions on thisissue. They were not energetic in attempting to protect thepresident from the consequences of his personal commitment tofreeing the hostages."    The report saved some of its most scathing language forRegan, a gruff former Wall Street executive and close personalfriend of Reagan whose autocratic rule in the White Houseangered some top Reagan officials and, perhaps moreimportantly, Reagan's wife Nancy.    "More than almost any chief of staff of recent memory, heasserted personal control over the White House staff and soughtto extend this control to the national security adviser," saidthe report.    Washington analysts said Regan's departure now appeared tobe only a matter of timing. Many expected the president toannounce it when he addresses the nation on the TowerCommission's findings next week.    With Regan's departure apparently imminent and Poindexterand other key figures in the scandal already out of office, thereport's tough criticism of Shultz and Weinberger could turnthe spotlight on their future.    Senate Republican leader Robert Dole, a key Reagan ally,told reporters the report disclosed "colossal blunders" and saidpeople who had not served the president well should step aside,but he did not specify who should go.    "It would seem to me that if you don't protect thepresident, you don't serve the president well, then you shouldmove on," the Kansas Republican, a likely presidential candidatenext year, said.    One Republican strategist said he believed Regan would notbe the only White House official to leave in the near future.    Reuter&#3;