Rowntree Mackintosh Plc &lt;RWNT.L>announced it made a pretax profit of 84 mln stg in the 53 weeksending January 3, 1987, compared with 79.3 mln stg in theprevious year.    Turnover was up to 1.29 billion stg from 1.2 billion. Afinal dividend of 9.2p was proposed, after a final 8.2p lastyear. Earnings per share rose to 35p from 34.8p.    The results were broadly in line with market expectations,leaving shares at 499p in early trading, up one pence fromyesterday's close, but slightly off pre-announcement openinglevels.    Profit on ordinary activities after tax was 66.2 mln stg,up from the previous year's 60.7 mln.    The U.K. Remained Rowntree's largest centre for tradingprofits, accounting for 47.9 mln stg, up from 45.3 mln in 1985.Profit from its second largest geographical area, NorthAmerica, slipped to 34.7 mln stg from 37.2 mln. North Americanprofits were affected by the fall of the value of the dollar.    Operations in continental Europe made 7.8 mln stg intrading profit, up from 3.4 mln, with 4.0 mln stg made inAustralasia, up from 2.3 mln, and 11.3 mln stg from the rest ofthe world, against 13.1 mln in the previous year.    Extraordinary items amounted to a 11.3 mln debit after a16.5 mln debit previously. A company spokesman said thisrepresented additional provisions for the cost ofrationalisation plans announced in earlier years.    Rowntree expects North American operations will this year,ahead of company expectations, be of the same order as thosefrom the U.K. And the rest of Europe combined, the statementsaid. A spokesman said no specific figures had been forecast.    Acquisitions will continue to be sought worldwide,including further moves in the speciality retailing businesswhich Rowntree first entered in 1983, the statement said.    Rising profit from Europe this year was forecast bychairman Kenneth Dixon in a statement. He added the performanceof seven businesses bought last year was encouraging.    The U.K. Confectionery side gained market share andincreased trading margins. The Sun-Pat British grocery concernincreased profit and Rowntree's small health food business,Holgates, raised earnings 10-fold, the statement said.    Offsetting factors included currency movements, which costthe company nearly 5.0 mln stg. Sales tax hurt Canadian profitson confectionery operations, and the company faced strongcompetition in the U.K. Snack and Mid East export markets. REUTER&#3;