The International Primary Market MakersAssociation, a trade organisation, said its board last weekadopted new rules recommending lead managers of eurodollar bondissues make a market in that security for 12 months.    Currently, while there is an implied obligation on the partof firms to make markets in issues they underwrite, there is noformal obligation to do so.    Christopher Sibson, secretary general of IPMA, inexplaining why the recommendation was adopted, said "It is aimedat the problem of the lead manager who does a deal anddisappears."    Sibson said the organization cannot force its members toadhere to the rule. "We're under no illusions about the legalbinding force of these recommendations," he said.    Lead managers have occasionally abandoned efforts tosupport an unprofitable issue just a short while after it hasbeen offered, leaving investors and smaller firms with no oneto buy it back from them.    Most recently, when prices of perpetual floating ratesnotes (FRNs) suddenly plunged, most market makers abandoned thesecurities altogether, leaving investors stuck with about 17billion dlrs worth of unmarketable securities on their books.     Sibson noted that the recommendation adopted by the boardonly applies  to fixed-rate dollar issues and would not havehelped the floating rate sector out of its current crisis.    Among other measures, the IPMA also decided that thecriteria for membership should be tightened to exclude some ofthe smaller firms.    Under the new rules, a firm must be the book running leadmanager during the two preceding years of 12 internationallydistributed debt issues denominated in U.S. Dlrs or in one ofeight other major currencies.    The former requirement called for three lead-managedissues. Sibson said he expects the tighter entrancerequirements to pare 3he current list of 67 members down by sixto 10 members.    Smaller firms have criticized IPMA's efforts to restrictmembership to the larger firms, saying it is anti-competitiveand that it reinforces the big firms' already large marketshare.    "Belonging to IPMA carries a certain amount of prestige withborrowers," said a dealer at a small foreign bank. "The borrowersays to himself, "Well I can travel economy or I can travelfirst class,'" he said.    Sibson defended the new rules saying "We have to steer acourse between representing the interests of the major marketmakers and the less desirable goal of representing everybody."    In any event, he said, the size of the market has expandedto the point where the former minimum size requirements werejust too small.    Also, IPMA members will be required to register with theAssociation of International Bond Dealers as reporting dealers,submitting daily information on prices on issues in which theyare market makers. The effective date of the rule has yet to bedetermined.    Dealers said that the rule would enable investors andsecondary market makers to better evaluate the appropriatemarket price for their securities. Such a rule would makeinvestors more confident of trading in the eurobond market andwould increase liquidity, they said.    Dealers said that the form of the reporting has not yetbeen spelled out. But previous discussion of the reportingrequirement considered firms listing the closing price of agiven security as well as the high and low for the day.     Members also agreed at the IPMA meeting on theimplementation of a new communications system which enables alead manager to invite all potential management group membersin to a deal at the same time. REUTER&#3;