Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone said hehopes his visit to Washington later this week will help resolveJapan's severe trade problems with the United States.    Nakasone leaves on his sixth official visit to the UnitedStates on Wednesday, only weeks after President Reagan imposedpunitive tariffs of 300 mln dlrs a year on Japanese electronicgoods for alleged violation of a semiconductor pact.    Japan also faces more possible sanctions amid calls in theU.S. Congress for further action to help improve tradeimbalances.    Japan's trade surplus with the United States reached arecord 58.6 billion dlrs in 1986.    Nakasone told reporters that special envoy Shintaro Abe,who has just returned from Washington, told him protectionistsentiment in the United States is severe.    "We are well aware of a movement in the United States toenact legislation," Nakasone said.    He said friends at home and abroad have advised him not togo to the United States but it is now more important than everthat he express Japan's view and carefully listens to the viewsof the United States.    "My visit to the United States at this time will be the mostimportant visit of all," Nakasone said.    While in Washington, he said he hopes to have candid andfrank discussions with President Reagan and Congressionlleaders. He said he plans to discuss exchange rate stability,economic cooperation to developing countries and U.S.-Sovietdisarmament and arms control.    On the recently imposed trade sactions, Nakasone said hewould present evidence that Japanese semiconductor imports areincreasing and that Japan is monitoring exports to thirdcountries.    "We have full confidence we can present clear evidence," hesaid. "(Therefore), we will request that the sanctions be liftedat the earliest possible time."    On the trade imbalance, Nakasone said Japan has alreadytaken action. The volume of exports to the United States hasbeen cut, while U.S. Imports have increased.    But Japanese imports from Europe and other Asian nationshave recently surged, those from the United States remain weak,indicating a lack of U.S. Competitiveness, he said.    Nakasone said Japan will continue to strive to improve thetrade imbalance but the United States will have to become morecompetitive and improve its huge budget deficit.    He said he will also discuss the forthcoming Venice summitof the seven major industrial nations in June.    "We can further enhance the efforts for improving peace,disarmament and the world economies as a whole throughsolidarity," Nakasone said. REUTER&#3;