Zambia's copper mining industry is hopingto achieve and maintain production at over 500,000 tonnes ayear in the next few years despite low world prices,deteriorating ores and shortages of mine inputs, industryofficials said.    But Zambia's decision to abandon last May 1 a toughInternational Monetary Fund (IMF) economic recovery program hasintroduced an element of uncertainty into plans to restructurethe ailing industry and boost profitability, they said.    Copper production by the government-controlled ZambiaConsolidated Copper Mines (ZCCM) for the 1987 financial yearended March 31 improved slightly to about 471,000 tonnes from arecord 1986 low of 463,354 tonnes.    "We are convinced that by the end of the 1988 financialyear, copper production could well be over 500,000 tonnes dueto greater availability of spares and equipment," a ZCCMofficial said.    ZCCM officials said the production of cobalt, anotherstrategic income earner, will also be tailored to meet demand.    Finished production in 1986 was 4,565 tonnes, 911 tonneshigher than the previous year and the best production achievedto date.    Protracted low world metal prices have badly hit the copperindustry in Zambia, the world's fifth biggest producer. Miningis monopolised by ZCCM and accounts for about 90 pct of thecountry's foreign exchange earnings.    Production has also been seriously affected in recent yearsby equipment breakdowns, deteriorating ore and shortages ofspare parts, fuel and lubricants. The 463,354 tonnes outputlast year compared with a peak 1975 output of 700,000 tonnes.    A five-year production and investment plan launched in 1984by ZCCM is being funded by the European Community, the AfricanDevelopment Bank and the World Bank.    The plan foresees the shutdown of some seven mining andmetallurgical units on the grounds they are unprofitable.    ZCCM, the second largest employer after the government, hassaid it intends to lay off 20,000 of its 60,000 workforce aspart of the plan.    More than 250 mln dlrs have so far been channelled into theindustry in a bid to improve efficiency and profitability underthe five-year restructuring plan.    Company officials said although reserves were beingdepleted, Zambia could continue to produce copper beyond theend of the century, though at lower levels of production.    Industry sources said ZCCM's projected pre-tax profit forthe financial year ended March 31 would be around 500 mlnkwacha. But with the current mineral export tax level beinglevied, a net loss is likely to be registered.    ZCCM recorded a net loss of 718 mln kwacha in 1986 comparedwith a net profit of 19 mln kwacha the year before.    Under the foreign exchange auction system introduced in1985, ZCCM's profits from its foreign exchange earnings rose asthe value of the kwacha fell to 21 to the dollar from just overtwo to the dollar.    But on May 1, President Kenneth Kaunda abolished theauctioning system, inspired by the International Monetary Fund,and announced Zambia would pursue a go-it-alone economicstrategy based on national resources.    ZCCM officials are still cautious over what effects thebreak with the IMF will have on the industry's plans.    "We are still consulting to see how the new measures willaffect us but it is too early to say just how we shall fareunder the new situation," Peter Hansen, director of operationsand third in the ZCCM hierarchy, told Reuters.    Some analysts believe the new officially-fixed exchangerate of eight kwacha to the dollar will hit ZCCM's exportprofits.    "Most specialists I have talked to tell me the break-evenpoint for ZCCM is a rate of 10 kwacha per dollar," FrederickChiluba, leader of the Zambian Congress of Trade Unions said.    High production costs continue to bedevil the Zambianindustry.    Zambia mines copper at a relatively expensive rate of 69cents per pound, compared with 55 cents in the United Statesand under 40 cents in Chile.    The industry also faces transport problems due to Zambiabeing landlocked. The government confirmed this year it hadstopped sBending copper south through South Africa.    Over 80 pct of shipments, some 35,000 tonnes a month, aresent by rail to the Tanzanian port of Dar-es-Salaam, while5,000 tonnes go via Zimbabwe to the Mozambique port of Beira.Transport has often been hit by shortages of wagons, spares andfuel. Reuter&#3;