U.S. And West German reaffirmation ofsupport for the Louvre Accord cannot cure the fundamentalproblems bedevilling the world economy which lie behind thecurrent collapse in stock markets, London economists said.    "There's going to have to be some acknowledgement that thedollar is going to be allowed to slip," said Richard Jeffrey ofHoare Govett. "If not, there is going to be continued fear thatwhen pressure emerges on the dollar, the Fed will be forced totighten. This throws up the economic abyss of recession in theU.S. With obvious knock on effects on the rest of the world."    But some economists added that Wall Street's crash, whichdragged other major markets down with it, may help curb thevery problems that sparked the turmoil - namely world inflationfears and the massive and persistent U.S. Trade deficits.    "If there is a benefit from a 23 pct fall in Wall Street...It's some sort of resistance to inflation worldwide," saidGeoffrey Dennis of brokers James Capel, echoing comments fromother London and Tokyo analysts.    Lower personal wealth from lower stock prices and fears offurther falls should dampen credit growth, curbing inflationarypressures and import demand in the U.S., They say.    Such considerations may be helping bond markets resist theequity crash, according to Mike Osborne of Kleinwort Grieveson.    "It would be suicidal for any government in the context ofwhat happened in the last couple of days to jack up theirinterest rates," he added.    Stocks surged after news Chemical Bank cut its primelending rate half a point to 9.25 pct Tuesday and U.S. Fedchairman Alan Greenspan pledged support for the financialsystem.    The news eroded the most immediate fears that the stockcollapse would spill over into the economy, via a bankingcrisis for example, thus precipitating recession.    It also helped the dollar rally sharply, to a high of1.8200 marks from a European low of 1.7880. But economists saidtoday's whiplash moves do not have long term significance andthat markets should try to keep the underlying fundamentals inmind.    "The United States has been able to live on borrowed time.If the effect of this (crash) is to produce slower economicgrowth not recession...It contains good news (and) provides amore realistic assessment of the U.S. Economy," said Capel'sDennis. But he added that markets are still very much indanger.    "The liquidity doesn't disappear...All it's doing isdisappearing from the equity markets," Dennis noted.    David Morrison of Goldman Sachs International said worldmarket turbulence will be exacerbated if the Group of Seven(G-7) leading western nations confirms a base for the dollar,as implied by West German Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg's remarks that intervention to support currenciesis still on.    Last week's dollar fall was partly triggered byexpectations that the Germans were more worried about the moneysupply impact of such intervention than maintaining currencystability.    But rigid adherence to dollar ranges would be bad, saidMorrison. "The Louvre Accord is fundamentally misconceived. Tostabilise the dollar at too high a level is wrong," he said. Reuter&#3;