Taiwan is planning to significantlyrelax foreign exchange controls within the next few months, butthere is little prospect of a sudden outflow of capital,bankers and economists polled by Reuters said.    They said a statement by Premier Yu Kuo-Hua last Fridaythat Taiwan might suspend the controls indicated the governmentwas ready to allow Taiwanese firms and individuals to hold andinvest foreign currency for the first time.    "There has been a major shift in government policy," saidLiang Kuo-Shu, chairman of the Chang Hwa Commercial Bank.    Yu said foreign exchange controls, under which all foreigncurrency must be converted into Taiwan dollars, might besuspended if Taiwan's trade surplus grows too large. He saidcontrols could be retained for use in an emergency.    Yu said the aim was to reduce Taiwan's foreign exchangereserves and ease pressure on the money supply.    The reserves have grown to a record 53 billion U.S. Dlrs,compared with about 26 billion in late March last year, due toTaiwan's widening trade surplus. The surplus hit a record 15.6billion dlrs last year against 10.6 billion in 1985.    Approximately 95 pct of the surplus was with the U.S.    The surplus in the first two months of this year rose to2.73 billion dlrs from 2.02 billion in the same 1986 period.    Money supply grew by a seasonally adjusted 48.22 pct in theyear to end-february.    Bankers and economists said they did not believe thegovernment intended to drop all foreign exchange controls andallow the Taiwan dollar to be freely traded.    But they said over the next few months certain restrictionswill probably be eased to allow Taiwanese firms and individualsto hold part of their foreign exchange earnings for overseasinvestment.    Bankers and economists also said it was likely thegovernment would lift a ban on investment in foreign stocks.They said it was uncertain, however, whether investment wouldbe direct or channeled through government-approved funds.    Taiwan allowed firms and individuals to invest in overseasgovernment bonds, treasury bills and certificates of depositfor the first time last year.    Bankers said Yu's statment was an indication the governmentis becoming increasingly concerned about the threat ofinflation posed by the growing foreign exchange reserves.    Inflation is now running at about three pct.    Mounting reserves are also seen as giving Washingtonleverage in its efforts to force Taiwan to boost the value ofits currency to reduce the trade imbalance.    Bankers said dropping foreign exchange restrictions wasunlikely to lead to significant capital outflows because of therising value of the Taiwan dollar.    "All the signs are that capital would move in," said JohnBrinsden, manager of Standard Chartered Bank in Taipei.    The Taiwan dollar has risen by about 16 pct against theU.S. Dollar since September 1985. It opened today at 34.26against the American currency.    Most economists believe the Taiwan dollar will continue torise this year on strong U.S. Pressure for appreciation.    Economists estimate up to five billion U.S. Dlrs ofspeculative money flowed into Taiwan last year.    Yu's statement surprised most local and foreign bankers,who regard the former central bank governor as a fiscalarch-conservative. They said it shows Taiwan is determined togo ahead with wide-ranging financial liberalisation.    "It's more than a straw in the wind," said Brinsden. "Itindicates that something dramatic will happen." REUTER&#3;