Member states of the EuropeanCommunity are starting to run out of patience with Japan whichthey believe has repeatedly promised major initiatives to openits market to imports, but as often made only minor moves.    Diplomatic sources here said several recent actions by ECcountries bear witness to a new disillusionment with thewillingness, or at least the ability, of the Japanesegovernment to reduce its massive trade surplus with the EC.    However, they said an all-out trade war may be far off, asEC states know they would suffer almost as much as Japan.    Senior EC diplomats gave a generally favourable reaction toan EC executive commission proposal under which the EC couldraise tariffs on a range of Japanese products if the U.S.Carries out a threat to make a similar move on April 17.    The EC tariffs, which would involve renouncing obligationsentered into with the world trade body GATT, would be designedto stop a diversion of exports to the EC market from that ofthe U.S.    The diplomats were meeting as Tokyo announced that the EC'strade deficit with Japan reached a record 2.13 billion dlrs inMarch, up from 1.94 billion in February.    In 1986, Japanese exports to the EC totalled 30.67 billiondlrs, up 4.5 pct from 1985, while EC exports to Japan fell onepct to 12.43 billion dlrs.    In Paris, trade minister Michel Noir said France hasdecided to give Japan a taste of its own medicine.    Burgeoning imports of microwave ovens and of frozenCoquilles St Jacques will be restricted by a strict applicationof French quality standards -- something EC states say oftenhappens to their own exports entering Japan.    Britain has threatened to withdraw the licences of Japanesebanks and insurance companies to operate in the City of London,because the British Cable and Wireless company lost out incompetition for a Japanese telecommucations contract.    However, British officials in London have said that thegovernment may have gone too far in implying that it would takeimmediate drastic action unless the contract was reopened.    By contrast, West Germany, with the EC's most successfuleconomy, has never threatened Tokyo with sanctions, preferringto rely on firm diplomacy and encouragement of its ownindustries to surmount obstacles to export to Japan.    The EC Commission itself has switched its tactics in recentyears, substituting general calls for action by Japan to openits market with specific demands for moves in key areas.    At present, it is, for instance, pressuring Japan to endallegedly discriminatory taxation of imported wines andspirits, to ensure EC companies have a chance to win contractsfor the building of a new international airport, and tosimplify certification and safety checks on imported cars.    EC officials say these tactics yield some benefits, butoften the Japanese announce modifications of their non-tariffbarriers which open the door to imports by only a token amount.    They stress, however, that any action must be taken by theEC as a whole to stop beggar-my-neighbour action.    One of the problems Britain could face if it were towithdraw licences for Japanese banks would be that the bankerswould be welcomed with open arms in Frankfurt or Amsterdam,they point out. REUTER&#3;