Today's panic in the floating rate notemarket has been simmering for months and is, in many ways, ofthe market makers' own doing, traders and bank officials said.    "For the last six months, there have been a series of crisesin the FRN market. Each has cut deeper and deeper into the veryfibre of the market," said a senior official at a U.S. Bank.    As prices have fallen, he explained, the underwriters whooriginally brought the issues have retreated. They havedivested themselves of the paper as quickly as possible,unwilling to bear losses of the magnitude seen in recent panictrading.    In the virtual effective closure of the market forperpetual floaters last month, bankers witnessed theconsequences of this kind of contraction of liquidity andinvestor confidence.    Fears were engendered about the possibility of this crisisinfecting the market in conventional dated FRN issues, which isalmost 10 times as large as that for perpetuals, with anestimated 130 billion dlrs of debt outstanding.    "The professionals are so nervous about holding inventorythat they will sell at any price," said an official at a leadingU.S. Bank, explaining the panic selling which has pushed pricesdown sharply over the last two days.    Bankers and FRN traders emphasised that today's trading wasunique in that it was driven exclusively by professionals andthat there was nothing fundamentally wrong with the securitiesthey sold.    In highlighting this point, dealers noted that thebenchmark issues in the FRN market -- the two FRN's for theU.K., Launched in 1985 and 1986 -- fell an unprecedented 50 and40 basis points, respectively, at the opening this morning.    Certainly, dealers said, Britain is no less credit-worthytoday than it was yesterday and the country's economic healthcurrently appears better than it has for some time.    Pointing out that this kind of sovereign and supra-nationaldebt had not sagged on any fundamental weakness, one senior FRNsource said: "The idiocy of the situation is aptly shown by thefact that these kind of borrowers can now tap the syndicatedloan markets at rates lower than their floaters currently pay."    Dealers agreed that banking sector paper, which constitutesa significant part of the market, was currently under pressure.    Floating rate debt of major U.S. And Canadian banks easedmarkedly in nervous trading last month on renewed investorfears about the banks' exposure to Latin American debt.    The U.S. And Canadian money centre bank FRNs, along withRepublic of Ireland paper, were hard hit again this week withdealers citing one heavily-traded Citicorp note falling tolevels so low it is now effectively yielding 55 basis pointsover Libor (the London Interbank Offered Rate).    By comparison, the 500 mln dlr note which matures in 1998yielded only a fine 20 basis point over Libid (the LondonInterbank Bid Rate) when it was issued in January last year.    Price declines of this size can really only be explained byan understanding of the operating practices of leading playersin the market, dealers and banking analysts said.    "This has to be understood as a matter between banks whohave a brief to buy low and sell high," one U.S. Bank sourcenoted.    Another senior source at a U.K. Bank drew attention to theenormous overhead costs and high salaries generated over thelast few years in the FRN market, which have to be justified.    But even beyond the cost of running an FRN trading desk,dealers said, is the way the securities are bought and sold.    Although sophisticated on-screen dealing exists in mostmarkets, in the euro-markets trading is conducted by telephone.    "If somebody calls you up and asks you to make him a pricein any issue, and you do, he can say "Right. You own five mln',"a trader said, explaining market practice.    The unfortunate buyer is then forced to unload thesecurities just minutes later to yet another firm at an evenlower price, the trader explained.    It is precisely this phenomenon that forced the rapiddownward price spiral earlier today, traders said, adding thatit is likely to continue until the markets either regain theirconfidence or market practices change.    One possible solution, dealers said, would be to initiatetrading exclusively through brokers' screens, so that onlythose who wanted to buy bonds would have to "lift a bid" or buyat that price.    Meanwhile, bank regulators are apparently concerned aboutthe implications of the collapse in FRN prices.    Traders in London said that the Bank of England has calledaround to market makers asking whether they intended tocontinue trading and what they calculated the losses to be.    The Bank often makes periodic checks in the market, butdealers said the latest enquiries were more specific.    A spokesman for the Bank of England was not able to commentimmediately on the Bank's action.    One trader at a major U.S. Bank here said that in addition,the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's international capitalmarkets unit has phoned banks in London today seekinginformation about trading in FRN's. He also said that this wasnot an unusual procedure. Reuter&#3;