Central banks have easily beaten backthe foreign exchange market's first test of the industrializednations' recent pact to stabilize currencies, analysts said.    In active trading this week, the market pushed the dollar,sterling, the Canadian dollar and Australian dollar higher. Butoperators got their fingers burned as one by one the centralbanks signalled their displeasure.    "So far G-6 has been a roaring success,"said James O'Neill,financial markets economist at Marine Midland Bank NA.    "The central banks are sending strong signals that theywon't tolerate any kind of momentum building behindcurrencies," added a senior corporate trader at one U.K. bank.    On February 22, the finance ministers and central bankgovernors of the U.S., Japan, West Germany, France and the U.K.-- the Group of Five -- plus Canada, signed an accord underwhich they agreed to cooperate closely to foster stability ofexchange rates around prevailing levels.    The agreement was viewed by many in the market as anattempt to put a floor under the dollar after its sizeabletwo-year decline against major world currencies.    And initially, traders indicated their respect for theaccord by refraining from pushing the dollar lower.    But by Wednesday, the dollar climbed to more than 1.87marks, about five pfennigs above its levels the Friday beforethe G-6 accord.    The move was aided by indications that the U.S. economypicked up steam in February at the same time as the West Germaneconomy was regressing.    But dealers said the Federal Reserve Bank of New York gavetraders a sharp reminder that the G-6 pact had encompassed theidea of limiting inordinate dollar gains as well as declines.    Dealers differed as to whether the U.S. central bankactually intervened to sell dollars above 1.87 marks, or simplytelephoned dealers to ask for quotes and enquire about tradingconditions.    But the dollar quickly backed off. It hovered today around1.85 marks. "The market was surprised that the Fed showed itsface so soon," said Marine Midland NA's O'Neill.    Also on Wednesday, London dealers said the Bank of Englandintervened in the open market to sell sterling as the U.K.currency rose to 1.60 dlrs compared with 1.5355 dlrs before theG-6 pact.    Sterling, along with the other high-yield currencies likethe Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, was in favor aftertraders surmised that the the chance of intervention pursuantto the Paris currency accord left limited room for profit playson dollar/mark and dollar/yen.    The pound also was boosted by suggestions of an improvingU.K. economy, anticipation of a popular British budget on March17 and public opinion polls showing good chances for theincumbent Conservative party in any general election.    "There was a real run on sterling," said Anne Mills ofShearson Lehman Brothers Inc.    Sterling traded today around 1.5750 dlrs, down from 1.5870dlrs last night. It slid to 2.917 marks from 2.950 yesterdayand from a peak of about 2.98 recently. "There's been someheavy profit-taking on sterling/mark ahead of next Tuesday'sU.K. budget," said James McGroarty of Discount Corp.    As speculators detected the presence of the U.S. andBritish central banks, they acclerated their shift intoCanadian and Australian dollars. But here too they werestymied. The Bank of Canada acted to slow its currency's rise.    The Canadian dollar traded at 1.3218/23 per U.S. dollartoday, down from 1.3185/90 yesterday.    And the Australian Reserve Bank, using the Fed as agent,sold Australian dollars in the U.S. yesterday, dealers said.    The Australian dollar fell to a low of 67.45/55 U.S. centstoday from a high of 69.02 Thursday.    Analysts said the central banks' moves to stifle suddenupward movement, leave the market uncertain about its nextstep. Today, the focus shifted to the yen which has held to avery tight range against the dollar for several months.    The dollar fell to 152.35/40 yen from 153.35/40 last night.Analysts said the yen also gained as traders unwound longsterling/short mark positions established lately.    "Because of the change in perceptions about the health ofthe German economy, the funds from those unwinding operationsare ending up in yen," a dealer at one U.K. bank said.    Recent West German data have shown falling industry orders,lower industrial output and slowing employment gains.    Moreover, the yen is benefitting as Japanese entities whohave invested heavily overseas, for example in Australianfinancial instruments, repatriate their profits ahead of theend of the Japanese fiscal year on March 31.    Noting that the dollar/yen rate is in a sense the mostcontroversial one because of the large U.S. trade deficit withJapan, analysts said the stage could be set for another test ofthe dollar's downward scope against the Japanese currency.    In its latest review of the foreign exchange market throughthe end of January, the Federal Reserve revealed that itintervened to protect the dollar against the yen on January 28.On that day, the dollar fell as low as 150.40 yen.    "Sure, the Fed bought dollars near the 150 yen level inJanuary. But the market has to bear in mind that time marcheson and the situation changes," said McGroarty of Discount. Reuter&#3;