Foreign currency futuresmarkets would not be harmed if the leading industrial countriesagreed to restrict currency movements to within a narrow band,said Leo Melamed, chairman of the Chicago MercantileExchange's, CME, executive committee.    "The target zone would not affect our market I think atall.... A 10 pct range in the Deutsche mark gives us a healthymarket," Melamed told Reuters in an interview.    "We were willing to live in the old Smithsonian era with afour pct shift," he said, referring to permitted currencyfluctuations in the early 1970s. "One thing you can adjust is tomake each contract a larger value."    As chairman of the CME in 1969-71, Melamed was instrumentalin the development of currency futures, which now are crucialto the Chicago exchange.    Melamed said capital flows -- which he estimated canapproach 200 billion dlrs a day -- would overwhelm efforts bygovernments to control currency fluctuations.    "They can do it for a day, in terms of intervention, anhour, a week maybe, but not over a period of time. So it'sunrealistic and it doesn't work and it's unnecessary."    The CME's top policymaker also said a decision by theexchange to advance the quarterly settlement time of its stockindex futures contract to the morning from the afternoon wouldhelp eliminate dramatic price gyrations in futures and equitymarkets on so-called "triple-witching" day.    "We think that the settlement in the morning will have asalutary effect so that over a longer period of time I thinkthis issue (triple witching) will go away because of the changein the structure as of next June," when the move is scheduled togo into effect, he said.    Melamed said proposed changes in floor practices by tradersof the popular Standard and Poor's 500 stock index future wouldaddress complaints of trading abuses and stimulate trading.    Two weeks ago, the CME board of directors proposed barringbrokers on the top step of the pit from trading for their ownaccount. The board also proposed requiring brokers engaged indual trading elsewhere in the pit to record personal trades tothe nearest minute and curbing trading between broker groups.    The changes "will in time have an extremely positive effecton the marketplace. That's going to prove very, veryinstrumental in increasing volume over time," he said,predicting the increase would come within a year.    Melamed, also chairman of Dellsher Investment Co Inc, saidthe CME last week withdrew a proposal to put a 12-point limiton the S and P 500 index's daily price movement when theCommodity Futures Trading Commission told the exchange it couldnot be a temporary program.    The CME also received "many negative comments, many morethan we anticipated," Melamed conceded. Many futures commissionmerchants predicted sell orders would accelerate in the eventthe price approached the bottom limit. Reuter&#3;