The U.S. economy is showing somepromising signs of accelerated expansion despite thesluggishness of the fourth quarter last year, privateeconomists say.    Some of the slowness experienced in the October-Decemberperiod had been expected to spill over into the first quarterthis year, as the tax law changes that went into effect inJanuary slowed business and consumer spending.    But some of the latest economic data show signs ofsurprising strength in the U.S. economy, although someeconomists remain cautious about the outlook.    The Commerce Department reported today that new orders fordurable goods in February jumped by 5.7 billion dlrs, a six pctrise, to 101.2 billion dlrs. Even excluding volatile defensegoods, durable goods orders rose a healthy 3.8 pct, the agencysaid.    The February numbers surpassed the expectations of manyfinancial analysts, whose predictions ranged from flat toincreases of up to five pct.    The January/February employment statistics suggest theGross National Product will show a healthy rate of growth forthe first three months of this year, said Lyle Gramley, aneconomist with the Mortgage Bankers Association.    The U.S. jobless rate in February and January was 6.7 pct,the lowest rate since March 1980. The number of new non-farmjobs rose by 337,000 in February after a 319,000 gain inJanuary and a 225,000 December increase, the government said.    The employment data suggests a GNP annual growth rate ofabout three to 3.25 pct in the first quarter, said Gramley.    Much of that will be attributed to businesses rebuildingtheir inventories and is not likely to be sustained in thesecond quarter, Gramley said. He expects a slowdown in thesecond quarter with smaller increases in personal consumptionand government spending. He also sees residential constructiondeclining mostly for multi-family housing units.    Fidelity Bank senior economist Mickey Levy said some of thefourth quarter slowness will continue.    Levy predicts GNP will grow at a scant 1.5 pct rate in thefirst quarter of 1987, accelerate during the second quarter andshow a brisk 4.5 pct annual rate in the third quarter.    The key to both forecasts is a marked improvement in theU.S. trade balance which is expected because of the decline inthe dollar's value over the last year and half.    "The improvement will be gradual and long lasting," Levypredicted. Most of it will be through import reduction, but atleast one-third will be due to a rise in product exports as theprices of U.S. goods become more attractive overseas.    The Reagan administration has predicted the trade deficit,which soared to record levels last year, will improve this yearand the U.S. economy will grow by a respectable 3.2 pct for theyear compared with a 2.5 pct rate last year.    As part of the effort to reduce the trade deficit, the U.S.has been pressing West Germany and Japan to stimulate theirdomestic demand for goods from the U.S. and others.    U.S. officials believe that would help take some of thepressure off the United States whose five years of economicgrowth has been the mainstay of developing countries.    The U.S. economy provided them with a giant market fortheir goods giving them a way to earn income badly needed toservice their foreign debt.    The government last week said the U.S. economy grew at amodest 1.1 pct annual rate during the fourth quarter.    There were indications of improvement in the huge imbalancebetween the volume of goods imported to the United States andthose shipped abroad. The report showed a rising volume ofexports corresponding to a decline in imports despite the factthat in current dollar terms, the U.S. trade deficit worsenedduring the closing three months of 1986.    While fourth quarter economic growth was weak, corporateprofits jumped a healthy 6.1 pct during the period, thegovernment said. It also reported that inflation, as measuredby the GNP price deflator, remained in check, growing amoderate 0.7 pct in the period, the lowest rise in 19 years.    The government also reported that consumer spending, a keyelement of the five year economic recovery, jumped 1.7 pct inFebruary, after falling two pct in January.    The Federal Reserve Board also reported that themanufacturing sector, which had been one of the weaker elementsof the U.S. economy, was showing signs of recovery.    In its latest report on current economic conditions, theFed said that economic activity in the various regions of thecountry ranged from uneven or steady to improving.Manufacturing activity showed signs of improvement in mostregions except Dallas where orders remained sluggish.    Chase Econometrics Chairman Lawrence Chimerine said thepick up in the U.S. manufacturing sector is largely due to thedrop in the dollar's value. He said he does not foresee a majorpick up in economic activity, but does not believe the economywill slip into recession either.    He said higher prices on imported products and wage cutsthat have helped the manufacturing sector will squeezeconsumers purchasing power.    "That pattern is starting and will continue for a number ofyears," Chimerine said. He sees economic growth hovering arounda modest two pct level for the next few years. Reuter&#3;