Military experts say the United Statesfaces a dilemma in the Gulf following U.S. destruction of anIranian oil platform in retaliation for an attack on aU.S.-flagged tanker.    The experts told Reuters Tehran holds the initiative and islikely to control the tempo and direction of the conflict aslong as America simply reacts to Iranian attacks by launchinglimited retaliatory strikes.    But if Washington seizes the initiative with bolder steps-- such as mining Iran's harbors, blockading its shipping, ordestroying key bases -- it could find itself in a major war.    "Iran is in the driver's seat in an absolute sense as thecycle of attack and retaliation continues," said Fred Axelgard,a Gulf War expert with the private Center for Strategic andInternational Studies (CSIS).    "It's like a Greek tragedy," said retired Adm. Eugene Carrollof Washington's private Center for Defense Information (CDI)think tank.    Some Middle East experts say the only way out is forWashington to join forces with Moscow in pressing for an end tothe war between Iran and Iraq.    They say it is not feasible for America to withdraw its30-ship force from the Gulf area, where the Navy beganescorting U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tankers in July. Withdrawal would give the appearance of being chased away by Iran, whichPresident Reagan could never accept.    U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger told a Pentagonnews conference the destroyers Kidd, Young, Leftwich and Hoelfired about 1,000 rounds of five-inch shells at Iran's Rostamoil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain beginning at about 1400 Gulftime (0700 EDT) on Monday.    Weinberger said the platform had been used as a militarybase by Iran and that the attack responded to an IranianSilkworm missile strike on the U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tanker SeaIsle City on Friday.    Iranians manning the platform were warned in advance andallowed to escape.    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran, but we willbe prepared to meet any escalation of military action by Iranwith stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.    "We consider this matter closed," he said.    Analysts ranging from the liberal CDI to conservativesagreed the U.S. reaction was measured, reasonable and did notescalate the conflict unduly. But they said the question waswhether Iran would consider the matter closed. It had not takenthis view after earlier clashes. Reuter&#3;