Philippine officials will meet major aiddonors in May to discuss a 500 mln dlr funding for an extensiveland reform program, Finance Minister Jaime Ongpin said.    He told a news conference he had planned to sit down with aconsultative group of major donors led by the World Bank latethis month in Tokyo but said the documentation of the projectwould not be ready until the end of this month.    "The World Bank has recommended that we meet some time inthe second half of May because it is pointless to have thatmeeting unless the participants have had adequate time toreview the documentation," he said.    Government officials said the progam, estimated to cost 36billion pesos, aims to distribute 9.7 mln hectares of land,including some 50,000 hectares seized from former associates ofdeposed President Ferdinand Marcos.    The new plan will include not only rice and corn land butalso sugar and coconut plantations. It is expected to benefitabout three mln impoverished peasants.    Ongpin said earlier there was strong interest in theprogram from donors but said given the substantial financialrequirements of the plan, the government could not rely on onlyone source but on a combination of sources.    President Corazon Aquino approved last month the use of anestimated 20 billion pesos from the proceeds of the sale ofcertain non-performing assets to private companies.    Ongpin said he has asked Aquino to consider two othersources, namely the proceeds from the sale of governmentcorporations which are to be privatised and proceeds from theliquidation of seized Marcos-related assets.    He also said he would recommend public hearings before sucha big project was legislated.    "If we get a good reception in the public hearings, perhapsthen the President might feel persuaded that it is notnecessary to wait for the Congress," he said.    Aquino had said she would prefer that legislation for theprogram be approved by a two-house Congress, whose members willbe elected on May 11.    But her advisers are trying to persuade her to implementthe program before the Congress convenes in July. REUTER&#3;