The Bank of Italy issued details of newbank capital adequacy requirements due to come into force inJune, in a central bank circular.    The Bank of Italy circular follows an interministerialcommittee decision last December to introduce minimum capitaladequacy requirements for banks.    The requirements, which formalise criteria already in use,comprise a risk-asset ratio applicable to banking operationsincluding foreign branches, and a gearing ratio which excludesbusiness of foreign branches.     The risk-asset ratio measures solvency, defined as abank's ability to meet all its liabilities through therealisation of its assets, while the second establishes theminimum capital a bank must hold relative to its size.    Specifically, total credits and off balance sheet items ofdomestic and foreign branches must not exceed an amountequivalent to 12.5 times the bank's capital, net of stakes heldin Italian banks. The gearing ratio limits total financialassets of domestic branches to 22.5 times capital, net ofstakes held in Italian banks.   The Bank of Italy said the requirements corresponded to arisk-asset ratio of eight pct and a gearing ratio of 4.4 pct.    For both ratios, the value of equity investments and stakesother than those in Italian banks will be deducted from thecapital multiple.    The total credit risk of an individual bank will becalcluated by assigning specific weights to the variouscategories of financial assets and off balance sheet assets.The weighting will be based essentially on credit risk and willnot take into account guarantees, other forms of risk transferor potential losses linked to exchange or interest rates.    The definition of capital on which the ratios will becalculated comprises shareholders' equity and disclosed legalreserves plus "general provisions having the character ofreserves." Own shares held in portfolio will be excluded.    The Bank of Italy said it would set more stringentindividual ratios for those banks running greater risksregarding items such as the quality, mobility and concentrationof assets, and to liquidity and management adequacy.    The new ratios will be applied to all banks operating inItaly.    Banks which are not in line with the requirements by June1987 "must correct their position in the shortest time possible,"the Bank of Italy said. A transition period would be allowedbut would not be more than four years.    Italian branches of foreign banks will be exempted from therisk ratio when the parent banks are already subject to similarratios but must comply with the gearing ratio.    The Bank of Italy said the introduction of capital ratiosaimed to further enhance capital adequacy at a time ofincreasing competitiveness and was a further step in bringingItaly into line with supervisory norms in other countries. REUTER&#3;