Brazil's recent announcement of asuspension in interest payments on 68 billion dlrs of foreigndebt gave the banking system the jitters and confirmed viewsamong many international economists and commodities analyststhat Brazil will continue to flex its trading muscles in 1987.    The developing world's most indebted nation is also itsmost prolific exporter of agricultural commodities such ascoffee and soybeans, and might maximize foreign exchangerevenue by selling hard on world markets, economists said.    "That sounds like a reasonable strategy. But there is noway they can trade their way out of this situation," AldoRoldan, Vice President for International Services at ChaseEconometrics, said.    Roldan told Reuters that Brazil not only had to tackle theproblems of satisfying domestic demand and competing on gluttedworld markets, but also had to work to make its position onforeign exchange markets more profitable.    "Domestic costs have increased (due to inflation) andexporters have not had the same offsetting movement in exchangerates," Roldan said.    The Chase economist also said commodities markets weredepressed and generally did not appear very promising for acountry like Brazil, where pure commodities account for some 50pct of exports and in 1986 had a total value of around 23billion dlrs.    But he added: "They are always pretty aggressive and theyhave good foreign marketing channels."    Analysts said a key factor in Brazilian trade will becoffee, and even without background pressure from foreigncreditors the world's largest producer was expected to hit themarket this year with a vengeance.    Negotiations between International Coffee Organization(ICO) members to re-establish producer export quotas broke upearlier this week with major producers and consumers accusingeach other of intransigence.    "Brazil would not tolerate a change in ICO regulations,which others wanted changed," one senior coffee dealer said.    The dealer, who declined to be named, said Brazil wanted topreserve its market share. At the end of the talks, he saidBrazil hinted it could sell more than anyone else and otherswould suffer.    Brazil will be an aggressive seller under any scenario butas yet there is no sign of unusually heavy Brazilian sales, thedealer said.    "If they do come into the market at this level it will golower and you could breach a dollar, ninety or eighty cents,"he said.    New York coffee futures for May delivery settled 2.29 centslower Thursday at 104.68 cents a lb, while more distantdeliveries fell the six-cent maximum trading limit.    President of the Brazilian Coffee Institute, Jorio Daustertold a press conference in Rio de Janeiro today that Brazil hasno set target for its coffee exports following the breakdown ofthe ICO talks on export quotas.    Many economists and analysts believe soybeans could be thefocus of possible stepped-up Brazilian marketing efforts. "Theywill be more aggressive this year than they have ever been,"according to Richard Loewy, analyst for Prudential-BacheSecurities Inc.    Loewy believes the foreign debt problem, a good crop, plusdifficulties with storage would help motivate selling of theBrazil soybean crop. "Brazilian farmers also need cash flow andthey can't afford to store the crops," he said.    The Chicago soybean complex has been nervous for some timeabout large South American crops developing under near idealconditions towards record yields.    "We are going to see a very rapid decline, earlier thanusual, this year in our (U.S.) exports," Loewy said.    Tommy Eshleman, economist for the American SoybeanAssociation (ASA), said this year's Brazilian soybean harvestcould total 18 mln tonnes, versus 13.7 mln last year.    Marketings will be very aggressive this summer when pricesare usually high relative to the rest of the year due to thevulnerability of the U.S. crop to bad growing weather.    Another incentive to sell might be trade anticipation of areduction in the U.S. government soybean loan rate, offered tofarmers who give crops as collateral, Eshleman said.    He said there has been some uncertainty this year about thesoybean loan rate, which acts as an effective floor for pricesby keeping supplies away from the free market. Farmers canforfeit their beans to the government rather than repay theloan.    "We're getting into a period when they (Brazil) arestarting to harvest and starting to export," Eshleman said. Buthe added it will be a while before U.S. exports fall to below10 mln bushels a week from around 20 mln bushels currently.    Jose Melicias from the research department of DrexelBurnham Lambert said Brazil would be trying to export as muchas it can this year because of its economic situation.    He said the debt situation was a major consideration. "TheBrazilian government also does not have enough money to pay forstorage," he added.    Asked if a return to an inflationary environment in Brazilwould make farmers inclined to hold onto crops, Melicias saidit would not make a big difference.    On other commodity markets, Brazil's selling impact may bemuted no matter its need to generate capital.    Brazil is faced with a poor 1986/87 sugar harvest, whichcould limit exports to the world market, analysts said. Thecountry may have oversold and be unable to honor exportcommitments, and this plus higher domestic demand caused byconsumer price subsidies on ethanol and refined sugar, willgive it little room to stretch exports, they said.    Brazil's other major crop, cocoa, is in its third year ofsurplus. "Cocoa consumption is basically flat and last year itfell, so I don't think they can start throwing out cocoa andfind many more markets for it," one analyst said.    "If they come out as aggressive sellers, the market wouldcollapse and they can't afford to do that," she added. Reuter&#3;