Speculation abroad that theBundesbank will steer money market rates lower, opening thefor interest rate cuts around Europe, is not shared by manyeconomists and money market dealers within Germany.    Speculation has developed that the Bundesbank wouldengineer lower rates to take pressure off the dollar/mark.    A strong rise in U.S. Market rates this month, promptingspeculation the Fed would raise its 5-1/2 pct discount rate,has raised the question whether Germany and Japan would alsobroaden interest rate differentials to support the dollar.    The U.S.-Japanese trade dispute is the key to the interestrate outlook, money market dealers in Paris said.    Talks this week between Japanese Prime Minister YasuhiroNakasone and President Reagan, if successful, could takepressure off the dollar, dealers and economists said.    Short term interest rates would be likely to ease if thetrade dispute is solved and the dollar steadies, they said.    But if no solution is found, the Paris dealers said, arenewed dollar fall would put strains on the mark/French francrate and force the Bank of France to raise short-term rates.    The three-month U.S. Treasury bill rate rose to six pctthis week from 5.6 pct at the start of April, and the yield onthe 30-year benchmark treasury bonds rose this week in Tokyo toa 14-month high of 8.86 pct from 7.66 pct in late March.    The dollar stabilized today just below 1.80 marks and above140 yen, underpinned by higher U.S. Rates and the Fed discountrate speculation.    But most dealers expect it to weaken further, which wouldput pressure on the Bundesbank to ease interest rates.    Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said yesterdaythe U.S. Had requested Japan to cut short-term interest rates.    The Bank of Japan was making efforts to do this, he said,adding the U.S. Had not asked for a cut in Japan's 2.5 pctdiscount rate, a move which Bank of Japan Governor SatoshiSumita said was not under consideration.    A call for a German move came yesterday from Dutch centralbank president Wim Duisenberg, who said the Dutch central bankfavoured a cut in West German interest rates and would followsuit if it happened.    Citibank AG said in its April report that another expectedphase of dollar weakness would prompt the Bundesbank to cut keymoney market rates in the next three to six months.    The Bundesbank has set a fixed rate of 3.80 pct onrepurchase pacts since February, with call money trading around3.70 pct for much of April.    Phillips and Drew senior European economist Richard Reidsaid the Bundesbank would allow interest rates to ease further,either with a lower fixed rate tender, or a tender by interestrate, allowing the market to set the rate.    "I'm fairly confident we'll see lower rates," he said.    Reid said taking 30 basis points off the repurchase ratewould have little impact on the German economy or fundamentalexchange rates, but could change market currency perceptions.    "A cut in German rates wouldn't be bad for the dollar, but Ithink its effect would be limited in duration unless it wasaccompanied by other measures elsewhere," he said.    Money market dealers here noted the speculation abroad thatthe Bundesbank would push down repurchase rates, but said theBundesbank had little reason to cut rates further at themoment, despite the liquid market seen for most of this month.    The dealers said the Bundesbank was likely to move to aninterest rate tender for its repurchase pacts next month. Thatshould not be seen as a sign of easing monetary policy however,they said.    The Bundesbank would merely be experimenting with interestrate tenders, following the introduction of a new system tospeed up the tender process at the start of April, they said.    Reinhard Pohl, head of the monetary policy section at theDIW economic research institute in West Berlin, said theBundesbank would probably not cut rates on repurchase pacts.    "I don't think that if they cut the repurchase rate a littleit would stop a wave of (currency) speculation," he said. But asharp and sudden deterioration in the dollar could force theBundesbank to take some action, he said.    Pohl said the Bundesbank was concerned that a cut ininterest rates would accelerate excessive monetary growth.    Some Bundesbank officials have argued recently that themonetary overshoot was due to strong currency inflows ratherthan credit growth, and therefore a more appropriate responseto excessive money supply growth would be to cut rates, to makethe mark and mark investments less attractive.    Pohl said the Bundesbank was hoping that domestic investorswould switch funds parked in liquid short-term accounts, whichhave swollen central bank money stock, into securities, whichwould take them out of the Bundesbank's key monetary measure.    A cut in interest rates at this stage however would leadinvestors to assume that rates had bottomed out and the nextmove would be upwards. They would therefore hold off buyingbonds, leaving central bank money stock swollen.    There are so far no signs that German investors areswitching funds into long term securities as the Bundesbankhopes they will, Berliner Handels- und Frankfurter Bankeconomist Hermann Remsperger said.    But Phillips and Drew's Reid said prospects of lower ratesand a strong currency would attract foreign investors intoGerman bonds, which would in turn attract domestic investors.    Werner Rein, chief economist at Union Bank of Switzerlandin Zurich, said he thought it likely that interest rates wouldcontinue to drift lower in many European countries.    "The scope for lower rates is probably greatest in Britainbut more limited in West Germany, where we could see someconsolidation," he said. Switzerland could be forced to matchany cut in German rates to prevent the franc rising furtheragainst the mark, he said.    Currency dealers in London said another half-point cut inU.K. Bank base rates was likely in the next few weeks as thepound had shrugged off yesterday's cuts and was still rising. REUTER&#3;