Fear of social instability and inflationhas forced China to put the brakes on one of its most importanteconomic reforms -- overhauling a pricing system which oftenbears no relation to production costs.    The price clampdown has occurred during a conservativebacklash following the resignation in January of reformistCommunist Party leader Hu Yaobang, Western diplomats andChinese sources say.    "In recent years, prices have not only been rising, but therate of increase is getting faster and faster," the People'sDaily said in a major article this week. "In future, pricechanges should be only in small steps."    Despite pledges last year that price changes were essentialto get the economy on the right track, the government hasrepeatedly said no major change will happen this year.    "Price changes in the last two years have aroused greatpublic discontent, especially in the cities," a Western diplomatsaid.    "Chinese were used to stable prices for 30 years from 1949when the Communists took over. On a recent visit to two majorcities, the refrain from all the officials was the need topreserve social stability," he said.    A Chinese journalist said the reformers had underestimatedthe extent to which the public would tolerate price changes.    "A major review of all economic reforms is under way, thebiggest since the reforms began in 1979, because many thingsare not going well -- a large budget deficit, too rapid priceincreases and no major improvement in productivity of statefirms," he said.    The reformers think it vital to change a system under whichprices often bear no relation to production costs.    Sugar is an example. An official newspaper said earlierthis year that more than 40 pct of China's sugar mills werelosing money or had closed because producing sugar was sounprofitable.    This was because the selling price of sugar has not changedfor 20 years, while the mills' production costs have risensharply over the period.    The economic masterplan for the 1986-90 period, publishedin April last year, said China would "work steadily to establisha pricing system which better reflects value and the relationbetween supply and demand."    The People's Daily said that in recent years wage increaseshad been too high and too much currency printed, resulting intoo much money chasing too few goods and causing price hikesand inflation.    The review of the reforms coincides with a nationalcampaign against "bourgeois liberalism," meaning Westernpolitical ideas blamed for causing student protests lastDecember.    The journalist said the review was in part due to politicalfactors.    "Economics and politics are inseparable in China. But theWestern media is wrong to classify the leadership intoreformers and conservatives. All the leaders agree on the maindirection -- economic reform and the open-door," he said.    "But there are differences of opinion on the pace of reformand on specific policies. No one is advocating a return to howthings were before 1979."    The diplomat said what China feared as a backlash againstprice rises was not so much rioting in the streets, which hesaid it had the means to control. "The bottom line is how suchprotests would be used by those in the power struggle."    A foreign lawyer said he believed the cause of the crisisearlier this year was that the Communist Party leadership hadfeared, due to the student demonstrations, that it was losingcontrol.    "The leadership here is a self-perpetuating oligarchy. Thereis no way that it is going to give up power," he said. Reuter&#3;