The U.K. Economy looks stronger than itdid only last month, when the government unveiled its budgetfor fiscal 1987/88, Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawsonsaid.    He told Parliament that "all the indicators that have beenpublished since the budget confirm that, if anything, we aredoing even better than I suggested then." The budget wasunveiled on March 17.    "The PSBR (Public Sector Borrowing Requirement) has come outlower than I forecast in the Budget. Inflation, too, is lowerthan I suggested ... (and) the current account of the balanceof payments is also performing better, so far, than Ipredicted."    The budget foresaw inflation easing to 4.0 pct at the endof this year after peaking at around 4.5 pct. Lawson said atthe time that the overall 1986/87 PSBR would be around 4.0billion stg. It was in fact lower, at 3.3 billion stg.    He had also projected average GDP growth in calendar 1987of 3.0 pct after 2.5 pct in 1986. Lawson today said "outputappears to be rising, if anything, rather faster."    Speaking during a House of Commons debate, he said, "by theend of this year we will have registered the longest period ofsteady growth, at close to 3.0 pct a year, that the Britisheconomy has known since the (Second World) War."    The 1987/88 budget contained a proposal to cut the basicrate of taxation by two pence, to 27 pence in the pound.    Lawson today reaffirmed that the government aimed tofurther cut the standard rate to "no more than 25p." He said thatthat objective "should not take too long to achieve."    Turning to policies proposed by political oppositionparties, Lawson said those advocated by the Labour Party wouldentail extra public expenditure of some 34 billion stg.    That, he said, "would require either a doubling of the basicrates of income tax or more than trebling the standard rate of(valued added tax) VAT," which is currently 15 pct.    On value added tax, Lawson noted that the Conservativegovernment promised back in 1984 not to extend VAT to food.    "Beyond that, the incidence of taxation has to be determinedin the light of the budgetary needs at the time, and noresponsible government could conceivably take any otherposition," he said. Labour MPs have accused the Conservatives ofplanning VAT increases for some essential consumer goods.    Lawson reiterated his belief that reductions in taxationcan often produce higher, not lower, revenues  "thus leading tothe scope for still further reductions in taxation."    Lawson said "inheritance tax is expected this year to yieldalmost 50 pct more in real terms than Capital Transfer Tax didin 1978-79. The yield of Capital Gains Tax is forecast to be 80pct higher in real terms, and Stamp Duty up by 140 pct."    He said that "the greatly increased yield of CorporationTax, reflecting greatly increased company profitability, isclearly connected with the reform of Corporation Taxation Iintroduced in 1984, which brought the rate of tax on companyprofits in this country to the lowest in the industrialisedworld." REUTER&#3;