Fox Broadcasting, owned by RupertMurdoch's News Corp Ltd, is set to launch two prime timetelevision shows this Sunday on what some have called thefourth television network.    The company, built around Murdoch's two billion dlracquisition of seven television stations last year, marks thefirst network startup since 1948, when ABC, now owned byCapital Cities/ABC Inc &lt;CCB>, hit the airwaves.    "I think our goal, more than anything else, is to providean alternative to the three networks," said Fox president JamieKellner.    Fox's debut comes when earnings at two of the threenetworks are under pressure and network advertising dollarshave been growing slowly.    "The barriers to entry are exceptionally high," industryanalyst Peter Appert of C.J. Lawrence said. "Their (Fox) savinggrace is that their parent has deep pockets."    The question television industry, advertising and WallStreet executives are asking is whether this new entry can lureadvertisers from the big three: CBS Inc &lt;CBS>, ABC, and NBC, aunit of General Electric Co &lt;GE>.    Network advertising revenues rose to 8.6 billion dlrs in1986 from 8.3 billion a year earlier, with NBC accounting forall of the gain. Revenues at CBS and ABC declined, analystsnoted.    "They (Fox) are competing for the same pool of funds as thetraditional networks," said Jon Mandel, associate mediadirector at Grey Advertising Inc.    But James Mandelbaum, a Los Angeles-based entertainmentattorney said, "If they have enough money, they have a goodchance of making it work."    Fox president Jamie Kellner said the company expects tolose 30 to 50 mln dlrs this year on revenues of about 150 mlndlrs. He said it will take three to five years to turn aprofit.    To succeed, the company must also win over the youngviewership it has targeted with an offbeat set of shows, two ofwhich debut this Sunday, and another, next weekend.    The first Fox-produced program -- "The Late Show,"featuring comedienne Joan Rivers -- was shown last fall onFox's seven stations and close to 100 affiliates. Although theshow has dropped recently in ratings, it still has a captiveyoung audience in the late night time slot, analysts said.    Sunday's prime-time shows include a situation comedy,"Married ... with Children," which Kellner describes as analternative to the suger coated family shows on the networks.It is also airing "The Tracy Ullman Show," featuring theBritish comedienne, singer and actress.    Fox has lined up 107 independent TV stations around theU.S. to run the shows. The networks have some 637 affiatedstations.    To make sure viewers get a chance to see the programs, thecompany is taking the unprecedented step of airing them threetimes in the course of the evening.    "I believe if some of their shows were on the traditionalnetworks, it would be extremely high-rated," Mandel said, whoadded that his firm has signed up several million dlrs inadvertising for the shows.    But some question whether Fox will really become a fourthnetwork. Robert Adler, president of the CabletelevisionAdvertising Bureau, said many cable shows are geared to theaudience Fox is attempting to win. "There are already manyalternatives out there to the three networks," he said.    And at least one network is not yet ready to consider Foxthe competition. An ABC spokesman said, "the schedule we've puttogether for this Sunday night ... has not taken Fox'sprogramming schedule into account."    But analysts noted that the major networks are keeping aeye on the venture to see how it fares in the ratings and withits advertisers.    Fox also appears willing to take a long-term view. Askedwhether the company will be looking at ratings after Sunday'sdebut, Kellner said, "the last thing I want to do is worryabout ratings because that was the last thing Murdoch told meto do." Reuter&#3;