French industry is failing to produce thegoods its markets need and its loss of competitiveness has leftthe government little room for manoeuvre to reflate theeconomy, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation andDevelopment said.    With gross domestic product likely to grow only 2.1 pctthis year, the same rate as last year, unemployment could climbto 11.5 pct of the workforce by mid-1988, from its present 10.9pct, it said in an annual review of the French economy.    The report said the French economy was "increasinglyill-adapted to demand" selling goods at "uncompetitive relativeprices on both domestic and export markets."    "France's poor export performance reflects a geographicalbias in favour of markets less dynamic than the average...And...A substantial loss of market share...In the past 18months," it said.    Pointing to a likely widening of the French trade deficitto around 2.9 billion dlrs this year from 2.4 billion in 1986,it warned that a further depreciation of the dollar against thefranc could lead to "a (renewed) loss of competitivenessrelative not only to the United States but also to the newlyindustrialised countries."    This could result in further major losses of market share,particularly in the non-OECD area, which accounts for almost aquarter of French exports, it said.    Until the competitive ability of industry improved, theauthorities would have "little scope for macroeconomicmanoeuvre, even if the unemployment situation or the need toencourage a pickup in investment could require demand to growmore briskly," it added.    But rising unemployment could help to hold down wagedemands, contributing to a slowdown in inflation to around atwo pct annual rate this year and early next, the OECD said.    Written mainly in December last year, the report took noaccount of a rise in oil prices early in 1987, and a 0.9 pctsurge in January consumer prices, caused partly by thegovernment's deregulation of service sector tariffs.    "We took a bet that the freeing of prices would not provokerunaway rises, and it is not absolutely certain that bet hasbeen lost," one OECD official commented.    OECD officials said the January data and a rise in oilprices above the 15 dlrs a barrel average assumed in thereport, indicated an upward revision in the inflation forecastto around 2.5 or three pct.    The government last week revised its forecast up to between2.4 and 2.5 pct from two pct, against last year's 2.1 pct.    But the OECD backed the government's view that theunderlying trend for inflation remained downwards this year,with a slowdown in domestic costs taking over from last year'sfall in oil and commodity prices as the chief cause ofdisinflation.    With French unit productivity costs now among the lowest inthe OECD area, the inflation differential between France andits main trading rival, West Germany, could fall to just onepct this year, it said.    On the other hand, the report noted, consumer prices forindustrial goods and private services have been rising steeplyas companies built up their profits.    "For the disinflationary process to continue , and pricecompetitiveness to become lastingly compatible with exchangerate stability, it is essential that wage restraint continue,"it said. REUTER&#3;