The United States and major LatinAmerican nations agreed to set aside sharp differences overcontrol of the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) andreconsider the issue this summer.    The bank's policy-making board of governors, meeting hereahead of this week's IADB annual meetings, put off anydecisions when it became apparent differences betweenWashington and the Latin countries ware too great.    IADB officials said Washington had indicated, however, itmight be prepared to compromise in the future.    The United States is the principal donor nation and haspressed the bank, controlled by the Latin American borrowingnations, to cede virtual veto power over loans to Washington.    The Reagan administration wants to make the bank part ofits controversial strategy to resolve the debt crisis.    The U.S. Plan calls for loans from multilateral banks likethe IADB to be tied to economic reforms in debtor nations whichwould promote open markets, reduced government intervention andinflation-free economic growth.    Brazil, which declared an interest payments moratorium lastmonth, is leading a challenge to Washington's strategy andofficials here obviously feared any decisions that might deepenrifts between the United States and Third World nations.    IADB officials also said Washington hinted at futurecompromise. "The U.S. Said it remains hopeful they can reach anagreement and expressed optimism that such a consensus could bereached," said an official who asked not to be named.    Washington has threatened to scuttle a 20-25 billion dlr,four-year capital replenishment for the bank if the veto issueis not resolved.    But it has asked Congress to give it authority to financeits one-third share in the event agreement on voting power isreached. The United States controls 34.5 pct of the vote andwants a loan veto to exist at the 35 pct level.    Currently, a simple majority can approve or disapproveloans giving the borrowing nations control of the purse stringsand resulting in loan conditions too lax for Washington'staste.    The U.S. Strategy for dealing with the debt crisis isexpected to be repeated by Treasury Secretary James Baker in aspeech to the bank's annual meeting today (Monday).    But monetary sources expect Baker to suggest the UnitedStates has some room for compromise and also to fend off otherchallenges to its strategy by signalling Washington is open toinnovative solutions to the debt problem. Reuter&#3;