Japan is becoming dangerously isolatedagain as the U.S. And Europe feel they have been cheated byJapanese promises to switch from export to domestic-led growth,officials and businessmen from around the world said.    As the dollar today slipped to a record low below 145 yen,making Japanese exporters and holders of dollar investmentsgrit their teeth harder, Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa saidthere was a perception Japan had reneged on its promise.    The problem goes deep and centres on misunderstandings byboth sides over the key Maekawa report of April, last year.    The document was prepared by a private committee formed byPrime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone and led by former Bank ofJapan head Haruo Maekawa. It recommended that to stop frictiondue to its large trade surpluses, Japan must "make a historicaltransformation in its traditional policies on economicmanagement and the nation's lifestyle. There can be no furtherdevelopment for Japan without this transformation."    Americans and Europeans took the report to heart and havelooked in vain for clear signs of this historic change. But theJapanese remain doubtful about the short, or even medium termprospects of totally transforming their economic habits.    The bubble of frustration against what appears as Japaneseprevarication burst last week. The U.S. Said it intended toraise tariffs of as much as 300 mln dlrs on Japanese exports tothe U.S. On the grounds Japan had abrogated a bilateralsemiconductor pact.    British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher threatened toblock Japanese financial firms from London after the Japaneseplaced what the British say are restrictive conditions on a bidby British firm Cable and Wireless to join a domestictelecommunications joint venture.    On Friday, European currency dealers said European centralbanks, annoyed at restrictive Japanese trade practises, mightleave Japan alone to intervene to staunch the rise of the yen.    Eishiro Saito, head of top Japanese business groupKeidanren, spotted the dangers inherent in such contradictoryviews last November when he visited the European Community."Related to this matter of (trade) imbalance, the point that Ifound to be of great cause for alarm during this trip to Europewas the excessive degree of hope placed by the Europeans in theresults of the Maekawa report," he said.    "We explained that the process of restructuring the economyaway from its dependence on exports toward a balance betweendomestic and external demand...Would take time," Saito said.    Saito's words were ignored. In February, EC IndustrialPolicy Director Heinrich von Moltke came to Japan and said "Ionly know that your government, under the leadership ofMaekawa, points to restructuring your economy into a lessoutward looking, more inward looking one. It is the Maekawareport which has attracted the most attention in Europe."    And Europeans and Americans want quick action. "A far betteranswer than protectionism would be structural change within theJapanese economy, the kind suggested by the Maekawa report. Andwe hope to see changes occur in the near future," visitingChairman of General Motors Roger Smith said in March.    Such expectations are now ingrained, which was partly thefault of Nakasone, who heralded Maekawa's report as a sea ofchange in Japanese affairs, said U.S. Officials.    Months before the report was issued, U.S. And EC businessleaders met their Japanese colleagues to discuss the tradeproblem.    "We are more anxious than ever that the new approach of theMaekawa committee does lead to speedy and effective action,"said EC Industrial Union leader Lord Ray Pennock.    "The important implication of the Maekawa report is that itis finally looking to let Japanese enjoy the fruits of theirlabour," said Philip Caldwell, Senior Managing Director ofShearson Lehman Brothers.    Contents of the report were leaded well ahead of issuance.    Japanese officials say they are implementing the report asfast as they can, said a European ambassador who has travelledthe country asking about this issue.    He said People mentioned many things in line with thespirit of the report, including restructuring of the coal andsteel industries.    A major misunderstanding is that the private report wasgovernment policy. Europeans are confused about this,underlined by von Moltke's reference to the "leadership" of theMaekawa report. Even so, Japanese officials point to lastSeptember's government programme of new economic measures."Without endorsing the report as policy, officials point outthat the government has put its signature to a programmedesigned to implement the report," the ambassador said. REUTER&#3;