Pennzoil Co, frustrated by Texaco Inc's&lt;TX> decision to seek bankruptcy protection from its 10.3billion dlr court judgment, is preparing to launch a newassault that may include investigating assets Texacotransferred from its corporate parent to subsidiaries, legalexperts said.    Joe Jamail, a Houston lawyer for Pennzoil, said the companywould file a challenge to Texaco's bankruptcy petition sometimethis week accusing the oil giant of bad faith and ignoring itsfiduciary responsibilities to shareholders.    The action is almost certain to ignite a new round ofdebate between the two companies stemming from Texaco's 1984acquisition of Getty Oil Co for 10.2 billion dlrs, a companyPennzoil believed it had an agreement to buy.    "We're going to be doing a lot of things they may notlike," Jamail said, referring to the bankruptcy courtproceeding in New York.    Some legal experts suggested that a mud-slinging battle inbankruptcy court between the two companies might also provokeCongressional interest in whether the bankruptcy code is toolenient because it permits a profitable firm to freeze debts.    Texaco, which has assets totaling 34.9 billion dlrs, soughtprotection Sunday under Chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcycode rather than risk having a Texas appeals court order thecompany to post a security bond for the entire amount of thePennzoil judgment.    Gerald Treece, dean of the South Texas College of Law andan observer of the litigation during the past three years, saidPennzoil was unlikely to prove Texaco is not qualified to be inbankruptcy court simply because the giant oil company has apositive cash flow and assets that far exceed its liabilities.    But Pennzoil may be successful in raising the issue ofwhether Texaco improperly transferred certain assets from thecorporate parent into subsidiaries unaffected by the bankruptcyfiling, Treece said.    "Pennzoil's lawyers are going to be like dogs barking atthe heels of Texaco wherever they go," Treece said, "I thinkpeople are going to be surprised at the level of intensity thatPennzoil will use in searching for hidden Texaco assets."    Jamail said Pennzoil objected to Texaco's transfer of anoil refinery and chemical plant in Port Arthur, Texas from itscorporate parent to a subsidiary on Dec. 9, 1985, one daybefore a state court judge entered the record jury awardagainst Texaco. Jamail suggested that the refinery and chemicalplant, valued at about 1.1 billion dlrs, were deliberatelyplaced out of reach of the Texas jury judgment.    But Richard Lieb, an attorney with Kronish, Lieb, Weinerand Hellman in New York, said Texaco could elect to placeadditional subsidiaries into bankruptcy if necessary.    In the petition filed Sunday, only Texaco Inc, thecorporate parent, and two financial subsidiaries were includedin the bankruptcy case. The businesses account for only aboutfour pct of Texaco's total revenues.    Mickey Sheinfeld, a Houston lawyer who representedContinental Airlines in an historic bankruptcy case that setaside labor union agreements, said the track record of thebitter Texaco-Pennzoil struggle indicates that the twocompanies could spend two or three years fighting in bankruptcycourt.    "The courts have been very interested in the issue ofgood-faith bankruptcy filings. This may prove to be a landmarkcase in developing that issue," Sheinfeld said.    Texaco, he said, was following the example set by ManvilleCorp, A.H. Robins Co and other firms that fell into bankruptcyexpressly to avoid paying large legal judgments. Bankruptcylaws were relaxed in 1978 so that a company no longer needed toprove it was insolvent in order to seek protection fromcreditors.    Texaco lawyers bristle at the suggestion that the companyentered bankruptcy to spite Pennzoil.    Gibson Gayle, a Texaco lawyer, said the company had everyright to seek protection from creditors, and that Texaco hadembarked on an internal restructuring plan in December 1984that required transferring various assets among subsidiaries.But Treece said the high profile of the Texaco bankruptcy casemay also put the company under an uncomfortable spotlight.    "What seems fair and what may be legally correct may be twoentirely different things," Treece said. "This may be a signalto Congress to do something about tightening the bankruptcylaws. You are either a chicken or a duck, just like you areeither bankrupt or you're not." Reuter&#3;