The Securities and ExchangeCommission asked the New York Stock Exchange to tighten anexperimental procedure used in the past six months to dampenvolatility linked to the so-called "triple-witching hour."    The Big Board has been collecting and publicizinginformation on large imbalances of "market-on-close" (MOC)orders placed on 50 major stocks one-half-hour before closingon so-called expiration Fridays in September and December.    Expiration Fridays, or triple witching hours, occur everythree months when stock options, stock index options andfutures on index options expire simultaneously.    As aribrageurs liquidated their futures and options onprevious expiration Fridays, they sold huge amounts of stockwhich they had used to offset their positions.    The huge sell orders, which usually entered the market inthe final frantic minutes on expiration Fridays triggered wildprice swings in the 50 stocks which serve as the basis for theoptions and futures.    The gyrations prompted the SEC last September to requestthat the Big Board ask its members submit all MOCs by 1530 hrson expiration Fridays, which would then be made public, givingthe market a half-hour to settle order imbalances.    But in a March 12 letter to NYSE President Robert Birnbaum,SEC Director of Market Regulation cited problems in theexperimental procedure during the Dec 19 expiration Friday.    A large number of MOC buy orders were not placed untilafter 1530 EST on Dec 19, which helped send the Dow JonesIndustrial Average up 21 points in the final minutes of the dayto a 14.20-point gain on the day, Ketchum said.    Citing the SEC's concern about such trading, Ketchum askedthe exchange to tighten its procedure by not accepting anypre-existing MOC orders after 1530 if they could have beenplaced earlier.    The new restriction, which SEC officials said merelyclarifies the terms of the existing experimental procedure,would bar the liquidation of stocks through MOC orders forarbitrage purposes after 1530 hrs, even if they offset otherreported order imbalances in those stocks.    The only MOC orders the SEC will allow to be placed after1530 EST on March 20, the next expiration Friday, are thosethat are received by Big Board member firms after 1530 EST andwhich help reduce existing order imbalances, Ketchum said.    If there are no published imbalances in a particular stock,no MOC orders will be accepted in that stock, he said.    "If dissemination of MOC orders is to provide an accurateindication of true order imbalances, then all existing MOCorders must be submitted by 3:30 p.m. and only those new MOCorders responding to reported imbalances can be permitted,"Ketchum said.    The letter did not say how the SEC or the NYSE woulddetermine the difference between pre-existing MOC orders thatwould be barred, and new MOC orders that would be allowed toreduce imbalances. But an SEC official said the agency hopesthe NYSE and its members would adhere to the rules "in a spiritof cooperation." REUTER...&#3;