A report by the U.S. Securities andExchange Commission (SEC) concluded that index trading was notto blame for the two-day stock market drop that occurred Sept.11-12, 1986    The report, made public today, concluded that index tradingmagnified but was not the cause of last fall's two-day120-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Index.    The commission staff said it planned to continue to closelymonitor developments in index-related trading but planned noimmediate regulatory action as a result of the precipitousstock market decline.    "The magnitude of the September decline was a result ofchanges in investors' perceptions of fundamental economicconditions, rather than artifical forces arising fromindex-related trading strategies," the report said.    "Nevertheless, index-related futures trading wasinstrumental in the rapid transmission of these changedinvestor perceptions to individual stock prices, and may havecondensed the time period in which the decline occurred."    The SEC staff concluded its study "does not provide anindependent basis to conclude that radical regulatory orstructural changes are necessary at this time."    The report said "the dramatic growth in the size andinstitutional use of index products requires continued carefulanalysis of the potential for disruption of the stock market aswell as manipulative or other inappropriate trading in theindex products and their component stocks."    It said there "may be merit" to requiring additionalreporting and record keeping procedures for index-relatedtrading. But it added that the SEC staff has not yet consideredthe costs and benefits of the various alternatives.    The report does not deal with a second precipitous dip inthe market which occurred Jan. 23.    On that day, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 115points in little more than an hour.    The SEC said its staff was still analyzing the underlyingcauses of that price decline and had not yet made findings.    The SEC study was made after a number of investors, newsreports and other analysts blamed the Sept. 11-12 drop onso-called "program trading," in which computers rapidly executecomplex trading strategies designed to profit from minutechanges in the relationship between the price of stock indexfutures and the stocks that make up the index.    The investors and analysts complained that such rapidmovements in the stock market would drive small investors outof the market and possible even lead to a stock market crash.    But the SEC report said the possibility of a marketcollapse was "remote."    It said it believed any rapid stock price decline "likely"would eventually be reversed by renewed buying as pricesreached far lower levels.    It also argued that index futures and options are importantto traders who use them to hedge their market positions andlessen risk exposure.    "While a 'cascade effect' may be possible as a result ofindex-related trading, it did not ocur on Sept. 11 and 12," thereport concluded. Reuter&#3;