Promising new findings in the use ofa controversial experimental drug called Interleukin-2 as acure for cancer will be published in the April 9 issue of theprestigious New England Journal of Medicine, according to aWall Street analyst who has obtained an advance copy of themagazine.    Among interleukin's principal U. S. makers are Cetus Corp&lt;CTUS>, headquartered in Emeryville, Calif., and Immunex Corp&lt;IMNX>, based in Seattle, Wash.    The journal, to be released late today, contains twoarticles reporting high remission rates several cancer types.    The journal also contains a signed editorial concludingthat the new results mark a significant milestone in the searchfor a successful immunotherapy for cancer.    Interleukin-2, also known as IL-2, is a substance naturallyproduced by living cells in the laboratory.    The drug is controversial because it was widely praised asa promising cancer treatment in early reports on itseffectiveness in late 1985, only to come under criticism a yearlater for its failure to live up to its promise and due to itsravaging side effects.    One of the new studies, conducted by Dr. William West ofBiotherapeutics Inc of Franklin, Tenn., is particularlysignificant because it found far fewer harsh side effects afterit changed the way in which the drug is administered.    In that study, researchers administered IL-2 to 48 cancerpatients and found a 50-pct remission rate for kidney cancersand a 50 pct remission rate for melanoma, a type of skincancer, according to Prudential-Bache Securities' StuartWeisbrod, who obtained the advance copy of the magazine.    For rectal and colon cancer, the researchers found noremissions, but none of the 48 patients treated had sideeffects serious enough to be placed under intensive hospitalcare, according to the article.    In the second study, whose principal author is Dr. StevenRosenberg of the National Cancer Institute, researchersadministered IL-2 to 157 cancer patients and found a 33 pctremission rate in cancers of the kidney, a 27 pct rate inmelanomas and a 15 pct rate in cancers of the colon and rectum.    In the National Cancer Institute trials, a total of fourpatients died, the magazine reported, confirming the harshnessof the drug's side effects as originally administered.    "Perhaps we are at the end of the beginning of the searchfor successful immunotherapy for cancer," said the editorial,signed by John Durant of Philadelphia's Chase Cancer Center.    "These observations reported by Rosenberg and West surelydid not describe successful practical approaches ready forwidespread applications in the therapy of cancer patients," theeditorial said.    "On the other hand, if they reflect, as seems possible, asuccessful manipulation of the cellular immune system, then wemay be near the end of our search for a meaningful direction inthe immunuotherapy of cancer," the editorial concluded. Reuter&#3;