Mounting trade friction between theU.S. And Japan has raised fears among many of Asia's exportingnations that the row could inflict far-reaching economicdamage, businessmen and officials said.    They told Reuter correspondents in Asian capitals a U.S.Move against Japan might boost protectionist sentiment in theU.S. And lead to curbs on American imports of their products.    But some exporters said that while the conflict would hurtthem in the long-run, in the short-term Tokyo's loss might betheir gain.    The U.S. Has said it will impose 300 mln dlrs of tariffs onimports of Japanese electronics goods on April 17, inretaliation for Japan's alleged failure to stick to a pact notto sell semiconductors on world markets at below cost.    Unofficial Japanese estimates put the impact of the tariffsat 10 billion dlrs and spokesmen for major electronics firmssaid they would virtually halt exports of products hit by thenew taxes.    "We wouldn't be able to do business," said a spokesman forleading Japanese electronics firm Matsushita ElectricIndustrial Co Ltd &lt;MC.T>.    "If the tariffs remain in place for any length of timebeyond a few months it will mean the complete erosion ofexports (of goods subject to tariffs) to the U.S.," said TomMurtha, a stock analyst at the Tokyo office of broker &lt;JamesCapel and Co>.    In Taiwan, businessmen and officials are also worried.    "We are aware of the seriousness of the U.S. Threat againstJapan because it serves as a warning to us," said a seniorTaiwanese trade official who asked not to be named.    Taiwan had a trade trade surplus of 15.6 billion dlrs lastyear, 95 pct of it with the U.S.    The surplus helped swell Taiwan's foreign exchange reservesto 53 billion dlrs, among the world's largest.    "We must quickly open our markets, remove trade barriers andcut import tariffs to allow imports of U.S. Products, if wewant to defuse problems from possible U.S. Retaliation," saidPaul Sheen, chairman of textile exporters &lt;Taiwan Safe Group>.    A senior official of South Korea's trade promotionassociation said the trade dispute between the U.S. And Japanmight also lead to pressure on South Korea, whose chief exportsare similar to those of Japan.    Last year South Korea had a trade surplus of 7.1 billiondlrs with the U.S., Up from 4.9 billion dlrs in 1985.    In Malaysia, trade officers and businessmen said toughcurbs against Japan might allow hard-hit producers ofsemiconductors in third countries to expand their sales to theU.S.    In Hong Kong, where newspapers have alleged Japan has beenselling below-cost semiconductors, some electronicsmanufacturers share that view. But other businessmen said sucha short-term commercial advantage would be outweighed byfurther U.S. Pressure to block imports.    "That is a very short-term view," said Lawrence Mills,director-general of the Federation of Hong Kong Industry.    "If the whole purpose is to prevent imports, one day it willbe extended to other sources. Much more serious for Hong Kongis the disadvantage of action restraining trade," he said.    The U.S. Last year was Hong Kong's biggest export market,accounting for over 30 pct of domestically produced exports.    The Australian government is awaiting the outcome of tradetalks between the U.S. And Japan with interest and concern,Industry Minister John Button said in Canberra last Friday.    "This kind of deterioration in trade relations between twocountries which are major trading partners of ours is a veryserious matter," Button said.    He said Australia's concerns centred on coal and beef,Australia's two largest exports to Japan and also significantU.S. Exports to that country.    Meanwhile U.S.-Japanese diplomatic manoeuvres to solve thetrade stand-off continue.    Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party yesterday outlineda package of economic measures to boost the Japanese economy.    The measures proposed include a large supplementary budgetand record public works spending in the first half of thefinancial year.    They also call for stepped-up spending as an emergencymeasure to stimulate the economy despite Prime MinisterYasuhiro Nakasone's avowed fiscal reform program.    Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Michael Smith and MakotoKuroda, Japan's deputy minister of International Trade andIndustry (MITI), are due to meet in Washington this week in aneffort to end the dispute. REUTER&#3;