Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone may havebeen dealt a fatal political blow by the yen's renewed rapidrise and the threat of a trade war with the United States,political analysts said.    Nakasone, already under fire over an unpopular tax reformplan, may now be forced to resign before the June economicsummit of seven industrialised nations if local elections laternext month go against candidates from his ruling LiberalDemocratic Party (LDP), they said.    "The close relationship between Nakasone and PresidentReagan was an important element of Nakasone's power base,"Waseda University Political Science Professor Mitsuru Uchidatold Reuters. "So the emergence of U.S. Criticism damagesNakasone."    Even before the latest trade friction flared, Nakasone wasencountering criticism not only from opposition parties butalso within his own LDP over his proposal to levy a sales tax.    "Many factions within the LDP are distancing themselves fromNakasone," Uchida said. "His position within the LDP itself isnot so strongly established today."    Nakasone, who has been more popular with the general publicthan with many LDP members, is now seeing his public supporteroded, the analysts said.    The yen's rise to record highs and the U.S. Threat onFriday to impose tariffs on Japanese electronics goods inretaliation for Japan's alleged violation of a microchip tradepact are now giving Nakasone's critics fresh ammunition, theanalysts said.    "Apparently the special relationship between Reagan andNakasone hasn't worked effectively," Rei Shiratori, director ofthe Institute for Political Studies in Japan, said.    This is making the Japanese people doubt Nakasone'scredibility, Shiratori told Reuters.    The cumulative impact of the sales tax issue, the yen'srise and mounting trade friction could mean serious LDP lossesin the April 11 and 26 local elections, analysts said.    "If the elections go against the LDP, Nakasone may have toresign early," Shiratori said.    But Nakasone still has a chance to soothe U.S. Tempersbefore or during his week-long Washington visit from April 29,some analysts said.    However, "unless the Japanese political system can move morequickly to give Nakasone some nice present to take toWashington on smouldering trade issues, he will face a veryhostile audience," said Merrill Lynch Securities economistWilliam Sterling.    "If the trip is a major disaster, it would seem to put thefinal nail in his coffin," he said.    Reagan's own weakened domestic position, and growingRepublican as well as Democratic anger with Japan, argueagainst a quick settlement to the trade dispute, the analystssaid.    But a desire on both sides to find some solution, coupledwith uncertainty at home and abroad over likely successors toNakasone, could still lead to an attempt to paper over thedifferences and aid Nakasone, they said.    "One factor against a trade war may be that Washington isnot anxious to push Nakasone into his grave," Sterling said. REUTER&#3;