President Reagan's move to imposestiff tariffs on Japanese goods stems from deep U.S.frustration over Japan's trade policy, and he has no intentionof calling off the sanctions, trade analysts said.    U.S. officials put down any idea of delaying imposing the300 mln dlrs in tariffs, despite seemingly contradictorycomments by some Administration aides.    And, they add, a visit here next week by Japanese tradeofficials and a visit to Tokyo by a senior State Departmentofficial will likely do nothing to change U.S. minds.    "Do not expect the problem to be resolved or the sanctionsnot to go into effect," said a senior U.S. trade official.    Reagan last Friday announced that on April 17 he wouldraise tariffs on certain Japanese exports to penalize Japan forbreaking a 1986 pact governing trade in semiconductors.    The United States says the Japanese have not lived up totheir pledge to stop dumping semiconductors in third countrymarkets at less than production costs or to open their homemarket to U.S. semiconductors. Semiconductors - tiny siliconmemory chips - are integral components of modern electronicgoods ranging from television sets and personal computers toguidance systems on aircraft.    Some U.S. officials had hinted that the United States andJapan might come to terms on their semiconductor dispute intime to cancel the planned tariffs, but this has now beendismissed by other senior officials.    They noted that negotiations over compliance with the pacthad been going on for several months, with little success.    Japanese firms this week announced plans to cut chip outputand increase U.S. chip imports, but U.S. officials said Japan'smove was too late to stave off the American tariffs.    The tariffs are to be imposed after a period of publiccomment, but Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige and otherofficials have said neither the comment period or the U.S. andJapanese trade talks will serve to delay the tariffs.    Baldrige predicted the dispute would be resolved, but said"I'm sure the sanctions will go in before we work it out."    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said that while hehoped something could be done to hold off the sanctions, "itprobably is not likely."    And U.S. Trade Represenative Clayton Yeutter predicted thatJapan would not be able to comply with the pact in time to holdoff the new tariffs on goods including personal computers,television sets, power tools and electric motors.    Trade analysts said that in any case, the U.S.-Japanesesemiconductor dispute was only one of many and trade frictionsthat will continue until Japan ended a policy of predatorypricing and opened its home market to foreign goods.    Other disputes include Japanese prevention of U.S. firmsfrom taking part in building a new eight billion dlr airportnear Osaka and selling a wide variety of goods in Japan,including many agriculture products.    A new trade row has now arisen over a Japanese decision tolimit foreign participation in its telecommunication market.    U.S. officials have said the American telecommunicationsmarket is open to foreign firms and it was only fair trade toopen the Japanese market to 33 per cent foreign participation,as Japan had previously agreed.    Britain has also protested the Japanese limitations.    American and Japanese negotiators are meeting to try toresolve the issue, officials said, but there was no sign of anyearly settlement. Reuter&#3;