Opposition politicians, businessmenand newspapers criticised India"s newly unveiled 1987/88 budgetand large projected deficit of around 57 billion rupees.    They said the budget failed to provide incentives foreconomic growth and merely tinkered with tax reform.    But few politicians were prepared to criticise a sharp risein defence expenditure in the Hindu-majority nation whereplaying on fear of aggression by Moslem Pakistan has proved avote winner. The Indian Express, the country"s biggest sellingpaper, said: "The defence cow has never been holier."    The Sunday Mail newspaper branded the budget "shamelesslypolitical." It said in a front page commentary the "budget is badfor growth, bad for prices, bad for the stock market andneutral in respect of everything else."    Businessmen polled by Reuters said the budget had donelittle for them.    Gandhi announced small increases in poverty alleviation andeducation outlays but he ordered a hold-down on currentexpenditure in an attempt to rein in the budget deficit. Hetold ministries to curb spending and promised a review ofmoney-losing public sector industries.    Gandhi lowered import tariffs on some computer parts butotherwise did little to extended the economic liberalisationpolicy launched two years ago.    Reaction in Bombay, India"s business capital, was generallyunfavourable.    Businessmen and economists said the budget had no proposalsfor closing the 1987/88 budget deficit. It also failed to boostindustrial investment and productivity needed to lift realeconomic growth above the five pct a year envisaged by the1985-90 development plan.    Nalin Vissanji, President of the Indian Merchants Chambersof Commerce said the budget gave no incentives to the capitalmarket and had not fulfilled a government pledge to removesurtax on corporate income.    Shares on The Bombay Stock Exchange, India"s biggest, fellin a post-budget session yesterday but brokers welcomed Gandhi"sproposal to set up a regulatory board for the securitiesindustry.    The exchange was shaken last year by several scandals andtrading was suspended several times.    Brokers said trading volume may increase with the change incapital gains tax on stock sales.    Stockholders can now sell shares after one year instead ofthree years without incurring capital gains tax.    Stock Exchange President Ramdas Dalal said yesterday thefall in share prices after the budget came as profits weretaken and he expected to the market to firm in days to come. REUTER&#3;