Bank of Montreal &lt;BMO.M> ChairmanWilliam Mulholland said he was reasonably optimistic that debtnegotiations between Brazil and its commercial bank creditorscan be accomplished satisfactorily in the long run.    "It's going to be a bit rocky short term ... a couple ofmonths ... but I am reasonably optimistic longer term," he tolda press briefing here.    Earlier, Mulholland announced that Bank of Montreal hasformally applied to swap up to 100 mln dlrs of its roughly onebillion dlr cross border exposure to Brazil into local equityinvestments under a novel conversion scheme.    Tensions have been running high between Brazil and its bankcreditors since President Jose Sarney imposed a unilateralsuspension of interest payments on some 68 billion dlrs ofcommercial bank debt on February 20, bankers said.    Only yesterday, three leading U.S. banks voluntarily puttheir Brazilian loans on non-accrual status and took a heftycut in net income for the first quarter ended March 31.    Bankers saw this as a clear refusal to be intimidated intogranting major concessions as forthcoming refinancing talks.    Bank of Montreal's Mulholland regretted Brazil's action butdeclined to discuss what action his bank might take.    Mulholland merely said that Bank of Montreal had notcanceled any of its short-term credit lines that came up forrenewal on March 31.    However, John Bradlow, senior vice president of thecorporate and goverment banking division, said that it waspossible that Bank of Montreal might follow the U.S. banks'lead in its second quarter results accounting.    "A decision will be made at April 30 or in the first weeksof May," he told reporters after the briefing. Unlike mostmajor U.S. banks, whose reporting year ends on December 31,Canadian banks operate on a November through October basis.    At the press briefing, Mulholland detailed the proposeddebt/equity conversion scheme, which is aimed at boostinginvestment capital and conserving foreign exchange reserves.    Unlike many existing programs, Bank of Montreal intends tosell its own dollar-denominated debt at par to either theobligor or local investors for cruzados, which would then beploughed into Brazilian assets.    Mulholland said current debt/equity schemes, in which bankdebt is often sold to foreign third parties at a discount, werelike "peddling off debt at fire sale prices". He added thatthey could do pyschological harm to investor confidence.    While acknowledging that Brazil has yet to give itsofficial blessing to the plan, Mulholland predicted, "if it issupported, we are going to see more of this."    Sources at other large banks with sizeable exposure toBrazil were not so sure about the scheme's success.    "I don't think it's going to fly because of the impact itwould have on money supply and other political reasons," saidone banker, noting that earlier informal proposals along thesame lines received "fairly neutral responses."    "And is there a market for such investment in a time ofgreat uncertainty," he added.    Mulholland admitted, "it is something of an experiment....some one has to screw up the courage and do something."    "It is very important that avenues (to reversing netcapital outflows) are broadened," he added, noting that inrecent years the options have in fact been narrowing.    Another senior banker agreed that debt/equity swapproposals, such as Bank of Montreal's, should be explored anddeveloped but warned that Brasilia has been "very ambivalent"about debt/equity schemes thus far.    The banker added, "debt/equity conversion should happen butit is not a major instrument for solving debt problems." Reuter&#3;