Australia expects meat and livestockexports to the Middle East to maintain an upward trend thisyear, managing director of the Australian Meat and LivestockCorp, Peter Frawley, said.    He told Reuters an improvement in the economic climate andless competition from the European Community should lead in theGulf area to higher beef sales, which dropped from 33,000tonnes in 1980 to just 2,300 tonnes last year.    "In the last three to four months there has been aresurgence of inquiries," he said.    Frawley is on a Gulf tour which will also take him to SaudiArabia, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait to assess marketpotential.    On beef exports, he said a 50 pct drop in EuropeanCommunity intervention stock in the past 12 months would helpAustralian sales.    The fall meant the EC was not as aggressive in thesemarkets, where the Australian trade was the natural source ofsupply, and Australia was "now back in," Frawley said.    He said there was a debate in Australia as to whether theMiddle East market for livestock, which accounts for two-thirdsof meat export value to the area, would be maintained.    He believed the trade would remain with a continuing demandfor fresh meat.    The number of live sheep shipped last year to Saudi Arabia,the biggest single market, was 3,214,159 compared with2,939,226 in 1985. The numbers shipped to the United ArabEmirates and Bahrain fell, however.    Frawley said the slackening in demand in the Gulf had beenoffset by other Arab countries around the Mediterranean.    Other than livestock, Australia's overall meat sales to theMiddle East rose to 72,374 tonnes in 1986 from 52,403 tonnesthe previous year, largely due to the sale of 25,790 tonnes ofmutton and lamb to Iran.    Australia sold 9,824 tonnes to Iran in 1985 after beingvirtually excluded by New Zealand competition for severalyears. Frawley said the 1986 sale contract had included abarter provision, but Iran had paid in full in cash.    Negotiations with the Iranians for 1987 shipments werecurrently under way, with Iran again seeking credit and barterprovisions, he said.    Frawley said there had been a tremendous growth in demandfor chilled lamb in the last four to five years and hepredicted this would continue.    "The Middle East, and the Gulf in particular, is nowAustralia's largest market for lamb, chilled and flown in.Australia is in an ideal position to provide the supplies ifthe market is willing to pay a premium for a fresh, youngproduct," he said. REUTER&#3;