The Chicago Board of Trade's (CBT)board of directors voted to postpone the start of what will bethe first U.S. evening futures trading session until April 30from April 2 to give participants a chance to get ready, theexchange announced.    Several trading firms had asked for a delay in the start-upof the evening session so that the firms can work outoperational difficulties created by the off-hours session.    CBT chairman Karsten Mahlmann said in a statement the delaywill "afford all firms the time necessary to be 100 pct readyfor this innovative program, we are postponing the openingdate."    The board of directors accepted yesterday's recommendationby a committee of members overseeing the planned eveningsession, which was originally scheduled to start April 2. Thesession is designed to begin the global trading day from 1800to 2100 local Chicago time Monday through Thursday.    CBT members overwhelmingly approved the evening session ina vote conducted a month ago.    But before night trading can begin, the CBT still has toobtain approval from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.    Pending regulatory approval, the CBT plans to offer eveningtrading in the world's most active futures contract, Treasurybonds, along with Treasury note futures and options on thosecontracts.    The evening session will make available to traders in theFar East interest rate hedging vehicles when their day is justbeginning, and the CBT hopes to attract trading capital fromthe Pacific Rim's burgeoning financial centers.    When the idea for a night trading session was broached, itmet with resistance from many local traders who said thesession would add to the physical strain of their jobs.    Many traders and member firms also questioned whether thenight session would have the liquidity necessary to survive,and complained that the cost of manning trading desks for twosessions per 24-hour cycle might not be worthwhile.    Some credit market analysts, including Norman Quinn,president of Golden Gate Futures, said the night session wouldlikely be dominated by institutions, because the larger localtraders would refuse to return at night.    Nevertheless, Quinn and other traders said the nightsession has a good chance of succeeding. Reuter&#3;