&lt;Bank of Montreal> is confident asolution will be found to Brazil's foreign debt problem and isnot considering declaring its Brazilian loans non-performing,president Grant Reuber said.    Speaking to reporters after a speech to a Toronto businessgroup, Reuber said: "I think at this stage it is really tooearly to say very much about (the Brazilian debt situation) butwe're pretty confident that things will work out."    He declined to comment on when such a settlement waslikely. Bank of Montreal had 1.98 billion dlrs in loans toBrazil as of last September 30, the most of any Canadian bank.     Brazil last month suspended interest payments on its 68billion U.S. dlr foreign bank debt.     Asked if Bank of Montreal were considering declaring itsBrazil loans non-performing, Reuber replied: "We haven't reallygot to that point because we don't think we will have to facethat issue."    Some bankers in the U.S. said earlier this week that slowprogress in talks between Brazil and its major foreign lendershas increased the likelihood that U.S. banks will declare theirBrazil loans non-performing at the end of the quarter.     Reuber told reporters the bank was still pondering itsstrategy regarding possible entry into the securities businessafter June 30 when banks and other financial institutions willbe allowed full participation in the Ontario securitiesindustry.    He said price would help determine if the bank formed itsown securities unit or acquired an existing investment dealer,adding that asking prices for some dealers seem "fairly high."    Asked about plans for wholly owned Harris Bankcorp Inc, ofChicago, Reuber said Harris might consider acquiring more smallcommunity banks around Chicago.    "In addition, I think we are giving some consideration tothe possibility of extension into other states," Reuber said ofHarris, although he added that any such move was unlikely thisyear.    In his speech, focusing on current free trade talks betweenthe U.S. and Canada, Reuber said failure to reach a deal wouldnot represent a calamity for Canada but could lower Canada'sstandard of living, raise unemployment and reduce the country'sworld trading influence. Reuter&#3;