The U.S. corn and soybean crops arein mostly good condition and have not suffered any yielddeterioration from recent hot, dry weather, AgricultureDepartment and private weather and crop analysts said.    "I don't see any reduction in yield potential yet," NortonStrommen, chief meteorologist at USDA told Reuters. "The (cornand soybean) crop is actually in mostly good condition and isprogressing ahead of normal, which is good," he said.    Abnormally hot, dry weather in midwestern crop areassparked a sharp rally in Chicago futures today, causing newcrop soybeans to advance the 30 cent daily limit to 6.14 dlrsper bushel and September corn to go up 12 cents to 2.81 dlrs.    "This rally is amazing," a private crop analyst said. "Corn,soybeans and wheat are in excellent condition."    The USDA meteorologist said the only effects of the warm,dy weather on crops so far has probably been to speed updevelopment of the crop, which will help the crop better copewith stress later in its more critical growing period.    "What this weather will do is simply push the crop towardsrapid development of a good, deep root system to draw on thesubsoil reserve. It actually strengthens the crop to go througha little stress early on," Strommen said.    Strommen noted that subsoil moisture is in good shape inmost growing areas.    Strommen and other private crop analysts noted corn andsoybeans will not enter their critical growth stages until Julyand August.    But because of its early development this year, Strommensaid the midwestern corn crop could enter its reproductionperiod by the first of July.    "Weatherwise, if the market is truly concerned about corn orsoybeans, it should be more concerned about corn. But thedryness still has to last for another two to three weeks," ananalyst said.    Soybeans, on the other hand, can withstand several moreweeks of dryness before yields start deteriorating, cropanalysts agreed.    August and September are the critical yield-producingmonths for soybeans, Strommen said.    "The sole purpose of the soybean plant is to simply surviveduring May, June and July until the August rains whichdetermine the crop," a crop analyst said.    Some analysts contend, however, that in certain growingareas the crop has not been receiving enough moisture to ensurethat there will not be problems later.    Strommen noted the USDA's current six to 10 day weatherforecast calls for above normal temperatures and below normalprecipitation in much of the corn belt.    "This opens up all sorts of speculation," he said. Reuter&#3;