The U.S. Department of Housing andUrban Development (HUD) said it backed an eventual severing ofthe link between the government and the Federal NationalMortgage Association -- better known as Fannie Mae.    But the department, in a long-awaited report requested byCongress in 1984, shied from setting a timetable for the gianthousing finance institution to end its government ties.   Instead, it said specific recommendations would come in asecond report, to be issued jointly by Fannie Mae and HUD byOct. 1.   "The basic policy directive underlying FNMA's history hasbeen consistent -- a gradual movement toward fully privatestatus. There appears to be no need to change that policy," theHUD report said.    Any change in Fannie Mae's status would be up to Congress.    The HUD report said the options open to Congress rangedfrom doing nothing to full and immediate privatization.    "Whatever option is selected, the combination of thefavorable economic environment, FNMA's recent move to financialhealth, the current strength of the housing market and theevolution of FNMA's role in the mortgage market fromcontributor to competitor would all indicate that the time isripe for a positive move toward privatization," the reportconcluded.    Fannie Mae operated as a part of the federal governmentfrom the time it was created in 1938 until 1968, when it wasrechartered by Congress and put under private ownership withgovernment backing.    However, "it was always intended that FNMA would eventuallybecome fully private," the HUD report said.    Fannie Mae's critics, including some Reagan administrationofficials espousing a free-market philosophy, say governmentsponsorship of the agency allows it to compete unfairly withprivate lenders and investors.    But its backers claim mortgage rates would be pushed up ashigher agency costs were eventually passed on to home buyers.    Fannie Mae was created by Congress to make capitalavailable for housing by buying mortgages from lenders andpackaging them as securities to sell investors. Reuter&#3;