venezuela is seeking a 'constructive andflexible' attitude from its creditor banks in current talks toreschedule 21 billion dlrs in foreign debt, finance ministermanuel azpurua told a press conference.    He declined to comment on meetings this week in new yorkbetween public finances director jorge marcano and venezuela's13-bank advisory committee except to say, "they areprogressing."    Azpurua said venezuela has shown solidarity with brazil'sdecision to suspend payments, but each country must negotiateaccording to its own interest.    Asked to comment on chile's agreement with its creditorstoday, which includes an interest rate margin of one pct overlibor, azpurua said only, "that is good news."    According to banking sources, the banks' latest offer tovenezuela is also a one pct margin as against the lastfebruary's 1-1/8 pct rescheduling accord and the 7/8 pctVenezuela wants.    Azpurua said four basic elements are being negotiated withthe banks now: spread reduction, deferral of principal paymentsdue in 1987 and 1988, lenghtening the 12-1/2 year repaymentschedule, and debt capitalization schemes.    Azpurua said the governent plans to pay 2.1 billion dlrs inpublic and private debt principal this year. It was due toamortize 1.05 billion dlrs under the rescheduling, and pay 420mln dlrs in non-restructured principal, both public sector.    He said venezuela's original proposal was to pay noprincipal on restructured debt this year, but is now insistingthat if it makes payments they be compensated by new bankloans.    The banking sources said the committee has been prepared tolower amortizations to around 400 mln dlrs this year, but thatno direct commitment was likely on new loans.    "debtors and bank creditors have a joint responsibility andthere will be no lasting solution unless a positive flow offinancing is guaranteed," azpurua said.    However, he appeared to discard earlier venezuelanproposals for a direct link between oil income and debtpayments, "because circumstances change too quickly."    At the same time, he said the government is presentlystudying possible mechanisms for capitlizing public and privatesector foreign debt, based on experience in other countries.The rules would be published by the finance ministry and thecentral bank. Reuter&#3;