Dome Petroleum Ltd said amajority of a group of 56 major creditors support the company'srevised proposal to restructure debt of more than 6.1 billionCanadian dlrs.    Outlining terms of the plan circulated to the lendersearlier this week, the company said it is seeking approval inprinciple for the proposal "within the next several weeks" inorder to implement the debt rescheduling by June 30, 1987.    "Although at today's price levels it only allows the companyto struggle on, benefits appear as oil prices rise," Domechairman J. Howard Macdonald said in a statement.    "We believe the plan is a rational one, and will be validunder a range of circumstances," chairman Macdonald said.    The lenders previously agreed to an interim debtrescheduling until June 30 to allow Dome time to negotiate along-term recapitalization.    The debt proposal is designed to ensure continued existenceof the company, which would see lenders get maximum recovery oftheir loans, Dome said.    The plan would maintain debt levels within Dome's abilityto pay, subject to minimum debt service levels for each lender.    Dome said the debt proposal offers measures such as equityconversion options and reclassification to lower interestbearing categories of debt to accomplish its objectives.    Under certain circumstances, lenders will have the optionto convert all or part of their debt to common shares at apre-determined conversion rate upon plan implementation.    The various conversion rates remain to be set throughnegotiations, and the company said it is impossible to predictthe extent to which the conversion option will be exercised andthe amount of dilution that may result.    Converting debt to common shares after the plan isimplemented would be at a much higher conversion price, Domesaid.    Common shareholders will be asked to approve the planbefore it is put in place.    Debt that remains after share conversion will eitherreceive scheduled payments based on contract interest rates anda 15 to 20 year pay-out, or interest rates indexed to oilprices. The company will use both an annual security-to-debtratio test and a monthly cash flow test to classify whichinterest payments are paid on the different portions of debt.    To achieve a stable operating base for the company, theplan provides for deducting operating costs, capitalexpenditures and general and administrative expenses before theremaining available cash flow is distributed to lenders, Domesaid.    The proposal also assumes efforts will continue to operatethe business as efficiently as possible, it said.    As the company previously said, debt payments from cashflow be divided into two broad categories, secured andunsecured creditors.    Terms of the debt plan include paying institutionalunsecured creditors, comprising mostly banks who hold privatedebt, from cash flow generated by unpledged assets. Thisportion will get a fixed low interest rate under a 15-yearrepayment schedule.    Remaining institutional unsecured debt will get paidthrough convertible, oil indexed unsecured debt that matures in20 years, or any available excess cash flow, or conversion toequity. Any institutional lender also has the option of takingall or part of its debt in common shares.    To offer public unsecured debtholders liquidity, Dome saidthey can also convert all or part of their debt to commonshares when the plan is implemented. Any debt leftover would beexchanged for a convertible debenture with an interest ratelinked to oil prices.    Secured creditors would get paid from cashflow generated bythe assets pledged against their debt under a complex formula,the company said.    Any shortfalls under the formula could also be converted tooil-linked debentures. Reuter&#3;