The tough trade sanctions PresidentReagan imposed on Japanese exports are not only a shot acrossJapan's bow but also a sign Reagan will attack unfair tradepractices worldwide, U.S. officials said.    But Robert Crandall, a trade specialist at BrookingsInstitution, a think tank, said "a shot across their bow canoften result in a shot in our stern."    He said it left the United States open to retaliation.    The U.S. officials said the 100 pct tariffs Reagan orderedon 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese goods will also show Congressthat a tough pro-trade stand can be taken under existing laws,and no new protectionist legislation is needed.    In the past year tough trade action had been taken againstthe European Community over corn and sorghum, Taiwan over beerand wine, South Korea over counterfeiting of copyrights,patents and trademarkets and Japan on tobacco.    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporters thetariffs - up from five pct - should be seen as a "serious signal"to other nations on the need for fair trade practices.    Reagan said he imposed the sanctions on certain computers,television sets and some hand tools because Japan did not honoran agreement to end dumping semiconductors in world markets atless than cost and to open its markets to U.S. products. Thetariffs were placed on items which were available from othersources so there would be little effect on the Americanconsumer, Fitzwater said.    Reagan has come under heavy pressure to take tougher action- especially against Japan - to end global unfair tradepractices and reverse the growing U.S. trade deficit.    The alternative was that if he did not, Congress would.    The U.S. trade gap last year was a record 169.8 billiondlrs, and continues to rise, with Japan accounting for aboutone-third of America's overall deficit.    But there are other two-way deficits - with Canada, WestGermany, Taiwan and South Korea - and Reagan officials said thepresident is ready to fight them all.    Reagan said in announcing the sanctions today that "I regretthat these actions are necessary," but that the health andvitality of the U.S. semiconductor industry was essential toAmerican competitiveness in world markets.    "We cannot allow it to be jeopardized by unfair tradingpractices," Reagan added in the statement from his Californiavacation home at Santa Barbara.    He said the tariffs would remain in force until Japanabided by the agreement.    U.S. officials say the action today will show Congress -which is about to write a trade bill he does not like - that healready has the tools needed to fight unfair trade.    The White House aide said of the tariff action, "it wasn'tdone to appease Congress, but because there was an unfair tradepractice."    The aide added, however, "on another plane, it was anexample of how the administration uses the trade law to fightunfair practices, an that it is not necessary to make a majoroverall of our trade laws."    But the analyst, Crandall, said the tariff action was notin the best interests of the United States, and thatnegotiations should have been pursued to resolve the issue.    "It's very dangerous to go down the retaliatory route," hesaid, "because it leads to more retaliation and restrictions intrade."    Crandall said, "the administration is doing this for itspolitical impact across the country, and therefore its impacton Congress."    He said, "I don't think it makes a lot of sense."    But other analysts said it made little difference whetherthe tariffs were aimed at U.S. trading partners or Congress,and that the main point was that the trading partners were onnotice that retaliation was a weapon Reagan was ready to use.    Spokesman Fitzwater said "we don't want a trade war," but theimposition of sanctions showed the United States would act whenit had evidence that trade pacts were being violated.    Crandall said, "the administration is doing this for itspolitical impact across the country, and therefore its impacton Congress."    He said, "I don't think it makes a lot of sense."    But other analysts said it made little difference whetherthe tariffs were aimed at U.S. trading partners or Congress,and that the main point was that the trading partners were onnotice that retaliation was a weapon Reagan was ready to use.    Spokesman Fitzwater said "we don't want a trade war," but theimposition of sanctions showed the United States would act whenit had evidence that trade pacts were being violated. Reuter&#3;