U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra DayO'Connor early this morning lifted an Appeals Court injunctionblocking the planned merger of Delta &lt;DAL> AirlinesInc and Western Airlines &lt;WAL>, the Court said.    O'Connor's action came hours after a three-judge panel ofthe 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco hadblocked the merger until a dispute over union representationhad been settled by arbitration.    A Supreme Court spokesman said O'Connor granted a stay ofthe injuction, allowing the merger, worth nearly 860 mln dlrs,to go through as planned later today.    The Supreme Court spokesman provided no other details. Eachof the nine Supreme Court justices has jurisdiction over aparticular regional Appellate circuit and has the power toprovisionally overturn its rulings without comment.    The Appeals Court ruling surprised officials ofAtlanta-based Delta, which had been preparing for the mergerfor months and had already painted Delta logos on airplanesbelonging to Western, which has headquartera in Los Angeles.    "Our plans were to finalize the merger at midnight tonight,"Delta spokesman Bill Berry told the Atlanta Constitution latelast night. "There was really very little that remained to bedone."    The ruling in San Francisco came in a lawsuit that had beenfiled in a Los Angeles federal court in which the Air TransportEmployees union sought to force Western's management to fulfilla promise that it would honor union contracts if a merger tookplace.    The airlines argued that Western's promise could not beenforced in a takeover by a larger company.    After learning of the appeals court ruling, Delta officialslast night spread the word by telephone that Western employeesshould report for work today in their old uniforms, not in newDelta outfits.    Delta announced last September that it was purchasingWestern. The merger took place in December, and Western hasbeen operated as a Delta subsidiary since then. The Westernname was to have disappeared at midnight last night.    At issue is whether the Western unions would continue torepresent Western employees after the integration of the twoairlines.    While all but eight pct of Western's 11,000 employees areunionized, only Delta's pilots are union members.    Delta had maintained that the three unions having contractswith Western -- The Association of Flight Attendants and theTeamsters, as well as the Air Transport Employees -- would be"extinguished" after today. Reuter&#3;