The European Monetary System marks itseighth anniversary still vulnerable to turmoil in world moneymarkets despite creating an island of currency rate stabilityin Europe, economists say. But many economists say the system,which holds eight European Community currencies within narrowfluctuation bands, remains in its infancy.    Its new currency, the European Currency Unit (Ecu), hasbeen a runaway success with investors and borrowers alikeseeking an alternative to the volatile dollar.    And on Wednesday, the long term vision of the Ecu asEurope's common currency took a step nearer to becoming realitywhen Belgium minted the world's first Ecu coin.    But economists say members such as West Germany have so farblocked a second stage of development envisaged by the system'sfounding fathers, ex-West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt andformer French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing.    Under this phase, originally due to have started two yearsafter the EMS was set up, decision-making was to have beentransferred from national governments and central banks to anautonomous European Monetary Fund.   But members have jealously guarded their sovereignty ineconomic and monetary matters. "The basic problem of the EMS isthat governments are not prepared to make the quantum leap to asituation where certain decisions are taken in common," said oneeconomist who has closely watched the system's development.    The result is that the EC is often divided over policy onthird currencies, accentuating what the economists say is thesystem's greatest weakness, its vulnerability to a weak dollar.    Over the past 18 months, as the U.S. Dollar plunged andinvestors moved into strong currencies, the resulting sharprise of the West German mark severely strained the system. MORE    As the mark soared against the dollar, it also rose againstEMS currencies less favoured by international investors. And asWest Germany last year refused to give in pressure from severalEC partners and the United States to cut interest rates to slowthe mark's rise, the EMS had to be realigned twice to easefinancial and trade strains within the community.    Two months ago the mark and the Dutch guilder were revaluedby three pct and the Belgian and Luxembourg francs by two pctagainst other currencies in the system -- the French franc,Italian lira, the Irish punt and Danish crown.   Another frustration has been Britain's failure to lend theEMS political support by keeping the pound, still a major worldcurrency, outside the system.    No change in the British government's attitude is expectedbefore the country's next general elections, due by mid-1988.    Meanwhile, the system's last realignment, the 11th since itwas set up, prompted European finance ministers to ask the EC'shighly-secretive Monetary Committee and Committee of CentralBank Governors to come up with suggestions for reinforcing it.    Their ideas are due to be unveiled when finance ministershold an informal meeting in Belgium early next month.    But economists said the proposals are unlikely to involvemore than tinkering with technical details. They are scepticalabout the chances for any fundamental change.    "Technical measures won't be enough to protect the EMSagainst external factors such as dollar weakness. For that wemust take the step forward to the institutional level," said Leode Corel of Kredietbank's economic research department.    Economists say the system's fortunes now will dependlargely on the success of an agreement last month among majorindustrial nations to stabilise exchange rates. If the dollarresumes its slide the EMS could be in for more turbulence, theypredict. REUTER&#3;