Treasury Secretary James Baker urgedcommercial banks to be open to new ideas for reducing the thirdworld debt burden.    "I believe the commercial banks need to be open to creativeideas for reducing the debt burden," Baker told the annualmeeting of the Inter-American Development Bank.    But he said that he was confident banks would make"substantial new lending" to the major debtors this year.    He pointed out principal debtor nations are expected togrow an average 3.5 pct this year, the fastest real rate ofgrowth since 1980.    Saying the U.S. debt strategy was making "substantialheadway", Baker said import volumes of debtor countries areforecast to jump over six pct in 1987 and export volumes almostfive pct -- the best performance in three years.    He also said economic growth has kept pace with orsurpassed the growth in debt for nine of the 15 major debtorssince 1983.    "This is a start -- and I venture to say a good one," theTreasury Secretary said, and he urged the audience of Westernand Latin finance officials and bankers to stand fast againstsuggestions of solutions like debt relief.    While such ideas have political appeal, Baker said, theywould mean a drying up of capital flowing to debtors.    And even if free market reforms followed, debt fogivenesswould frighten away investors who would not "risk their capitalin a country which abandoned its obligations."    And he said, "A debt forgiveness plan that damagescommercial banks also weakens confidence in world financialstability."    He cautioned that resolving the debt situation would be a"gradual and painstaking" process, varying from country tocountry.    Reporting on the U.S. debt strategy, Baker said attitudesin debtor nations have changed and there is much greateracceptance of free market reforms than hitherto.    Some countries like Argentina are pursuing anti-inflationprograms. Others, like the Philippines and Chile, areprivatizing companies and swapping debt for equity.    The International Monetary Fund and World Bank, meanwhile,have committed nearly 12 billion dlrs in loans for the 15 majordebtor nations since late 1985, official creditors haverescheduled 14.5 billion dlrs in outstanding loans through theParis club, while commercial banks are making new loans.    Baker pointed out the banks have rescheduld nearly 70billion dlrs of debt, reaching agreements recently with Chile,Venezuela and Mexico.    Elsewhere in his speech, Baker outlined the progressindustrial nations are making in promoting moderate globalgrowth, low inflation and efforts to reduce massive tradeimbalances.    He maintained world economic conditions were "continuuing toimprove" a development that would provide a positive backdropfor debtor nations. Reuter&#3;