Soviet officials said foreignbusinessmen are expressing strong interest in establishingjoint enterprises in the Soviet Union and already 30preliminary agreements had been signed with Western firms.    But Western economic experts described foreign businessinterest as cautious and noted that no final contracts had beensealed to set up joint ventures on Soviet territory.    Moscow last year invited companies in socialist, developingand capitalist countries to start joint ventures as part of aprogramme to open up the Soviet Union's foreign trade ties.    At the same time, a number of Soviet ministries andenterprises received the right to deal directly on worldmarkets. Previously the Ministry of Foreign Trade monopolisedall import and export business.    Explaining the changes at a news conference today, DeputyPrime Minister Vladimir Kamentsev said they had received amixed reaction in the foreign press but a warm response frombusinessmen.    Over 200 proposals for establishing joint ventures had beenreceived from foreign firms, 121 of which had been judged ofmutual interest, he said.    Thirty protocols had been signed and 12 projects were"practically implemented," including ventures with Finnish,Japanese, West German and American firms, he added.    But Western diplomats specialising in Soviet economicaffairs said the protocols were not legally binding and not asingle contract had been finalised.    "The Soviet Union is selling the joint venture idea veryhard because it wants to obtain new technology cheaply, but Iwould say business reaction in the West has been cool so far,"commented one diplomat.    Asked why this was so, he said the rules for running jointventures were still unclear and no Western firm wanted to bethe first to take a major financial risk.    Kamentsev, flanked by Foreign Trade Minister Boris Aristov,Foreign Trade Bank Chairman Yuri Ivanov and other officials,repeated terms for the establishment of joint ventures,including the ground-rule that the Soviet side must have astake of at least 51 pct in any enterprise.    He said some businessmen had the mistaken impression thatforeign partners could only take profits from the productswhich their enterprises exported.    "I would like to stress that the foreign partner can takeprofits from all the products which his venture producesaccording to his share of the capital," Kamentsev said.    He added that the Soviet Union was interested in "long-termand stable contacts" with foreign firms and was offering anumber of tax breaks to companies which invested here.    Speaking about the reform giving individual Soviet tradingorganisations more autonomy, Kamentsev said 21 ministries and75 enterprises now had the right to deal for themselves onworld markets.    Organisations enjoying this right handled 25 pct of totalSoviet trade including 40 pct of trade in machines and tools,he said.    The Ministry of Foreign Trade continued to conduct businessfor the remaining ministries and state enterprises andsupervised trade in essential products such as food. REUTER&#3;