New York coffee futures prices willprobably fall to about 85 cents a lb in the next month before aconsolidation trend sets in, according to market analysts.    Yesterday, prices for the spot May contract fell below 1.00dlr a lb for the first time since August 1981 after theInternational Coffee Organization did not place new exportquota discussions on its current agenda.    Talks aimed at renegotiating ICO export quotas, after fiveyears of price-supporting agreements, broke down in February.    "Short-term, it looks like a definite test of 90 cents,perhaps 85 cents," said William O'Neill, coffee analyst withElders Futures. "But the additional downside may not be allthat great from current levels."    "At this price level the market is very vulnerable tobullish developments," O'Neill added. "Rather than us having amarket that will plummet we'll kind of see prices erode --probably to around 85 cents."    "I definitely see 90 cents and would not rule out a briefdrop to 85 cents," said Debra Tropp, a coffee analyst withPrudential Bache. But she said by June worries about a freezein Brazil growing areas will become more of a market factor,with prices likely to consolidate ahead of that time.    A trader at a major international trade house, who askednot to be named, said he expects a 10 cent drop near term butbelieves if Brazil opens May registrations at a relatively highexport price and requires a high contribution quota fromexporters the market could steady at the lower levels.    Longer term, he added, producer pressure will mount onBrazil to agree to consumers' export quota terms, and a newinternational agreement could come into force next fall.    Since the February talks broke down, the market has fallenfrom about 130.00 cents a lb to a low of 98.10 cents a lbtoday, as buyers and sellers sought to reassess supply anddemand.    Generally, analysts say, producers have a large buildup ofstocks, but U.S. roasters have drawn down supplies and willneed to do some buying soon.    "Most producing nations have just completed or are about tocomplete their annual harvests and exportable supplies are attheir seasonal peak. Exports remain behind year ago andwarehouses in producer nations are becoming increasinglyoverburdened," said Sandra Kaul, coffee analyst for ShearsonLehman, in that firm's forthcoming quarterly coffee report.    Kaul said producers' need to procure hard currency toservice foreign debt will put further pressure on them to sell,and "this should keep substantial pressure on exporters toundertake sales despite the drop in prices to six year lows."    Kaul believes the market will drop to 80 cents a lb beforeBrazil's frost season begins in June.    Accurate assessments of roaster demand are hard to come by,though analysts note the peak winter consumption period ispassed and demand usually slows this time of year.    Shearson's Kaul estimated U.S. roaster ending stocks as ofJanuary 31, including soluble and roasted, at 6.3 mln bagscompared with 6.9 mln at end-September 1986, a small drawdownfor the usually busy winter roasting season.    But Elders O'Neill said, "The roasters are not overstockedby any means."    Analysts said picking a bottom to the market is difficult,given the fact prices have fallen into uncharted territorybelow the long-term support at 1.00 dlr per lb, and severaltraders said the sidelines might be preferable for the shortterm. Reuter&#3;