Kenya's economy will continue to expandthis year and the government will do more to encourageinvestment by foreign firms and the local private sector,Planning Minister Robert Ouko said.    He told a news conference that the government would sooncreate a special bureau to expedite processing of investmentapplications by local and foreign investors.    Praising the role of multinational companies and localentrepreneurs in Kenya's economy, the minister promised tomaintain a close working contact with the private sector.    The economy grew by 5.3 pct last year, up from 4.1 pct in1985, Ouko said.    This was owing to high prices for the country's coffeeexports, low oil prices, low inflation and rising real incomes,he added.    "Despite rising petroleum prices and falling coffee prices,Kenya's economy is still expected to improve in 1987," theplanning minister said.    "High aggregate demand arising from low inflation, tradeliberalisation and disciplined financial management areexpected to increase output in the manufacturing sector," hesaid.    Agriculture would expand significantly if favourableweather continued and farmers responded to producer price risesannounced in February, the minister added.    Kenyan farmers are anxiously awaiting the arrival of thelong rainy season, which is due to start about now.    Ouko said the production of Kenya's main cash cropsincreased during the second half of last year.    Coffee deliveries to the state-run Coffee Board of Kenyarose 17 pct and tea deliveries rose four pct during the period,he said.    Ouko paid tribute to the private sector for itscontribution to the economy and promised to improve governmentcooperation with businessmen by maintaining regular contactwith them.    "I wish to pay tribute to the private sector for itscontribution to the economy in 1986 and challenge it tomaintain the same spirit this year ... The manufacturing sectorgrew by an estimated 5.8 pct in 1986, in line with the sameperiod the previous year," he said.    Ouko said the "one stop" bureau was intended to stimulateinvestment and cut the time and bureacracy currently involvedin processing applications.    The planning minister presented a review of the Kenyaneconomy during the second half of 1986 which showed inflationfalling to 4.3 pct from 10.2 a year earlier.    This was owing to higher agricultural production and theKenyan shilling's relative strength against other majorcurrencies, the report said.    The average exchange rate was 16.23 shillings per U.S. Dlrlast year, a fall of only 1.2 pct from 16.432 in 1985. The halfyearly report said exports increased about 30 pct inJuly-December 1986, while imports rose by only six pct duringthe period.    This gave Kenya an overall balance of payments surplus of780 mln Kenya shillings (48 mln dlrs) during the period,compared with a 1.4 billion shilling (87 mln dlr) deficit inthe second half of 1985, it said. REUTER&#3;