Unless U.S. refiners reduce the amountof gasoline they now produce, the oil industry will enter thecoming summer driving season with the largest surplus of motorfuel since 1984, oil analysts and traders said.    "They key question is how much gasoline refiners produce inthe coming weeks," said Larry Goldstein of Petroleum IndustryResearch Inc. "If refiners cut output and demand turns upward,gasoline stocks could begin to draw, and the surplus couldpotentially turn around in four to eight weeks," saidGoldstein.    The American Petroleum Institute said U.S. gasoline stocksfor the week ended April 17 are 37.6 mln barrels above lastyear's levels, and analysts said they don't believe theexpected one to two pct rise in demand will take care of thesurplus before the start of the summer driving season, whichbegins Memorial Day weekend.    The API said the last time stocks were this high was in1984, when there was a 27 mln barrel excess. Oil traders saidthat the surplus held throughout the summer of 1984, depressingprices for the motor fuel.    Over the past several weeks, analysts said they expectedrefiners to reduce production because there was no profit incontinued production of gasoline due to the surplus. However,refineries continued to operate at higher levels, they said.    U.S. refineries have been running at about 78.8 pct ofcapacity during March and April this year, compared to 77.5 atthis time last year, API statistics show.    Because of the current excess in stocks, one planner for amajor oil company said he believed that most companies arecontemplating cutting refinery throughput over the near term.    He said some refiners appear to be selling lessaggressively in order to have product on hand to meet theexpected rise in demand this summer.    Goldstein said that other factors, such as higher speedlimits, the gasoline lead phasedown, and possible newrestrictions on gasoline vapor pressure could tighten thesupply situation this summer.    However, a planner at another major oil company said thatalthough large inventories are dampening the price outlook forgasoline this season, he does not expect refiners to cut outputsoon.    That oil company planner said high crude oil runs reducethe refiner's average costs, making the incremental barrel ofgasoline cheaper to produce.    Most analysts expect a slight upturn this summer over thesummer of 1986. Bo Poates, an analyst at the Energy FuturesGroup Inc said he foresees demand up about one pct in thesecond and third quarters of 1987.    Chase Econometrics' Scott Jones sees gasoline demand rising1.9 to 2.2 pct for the year, due mainly to continued lowprices. Reuter&#3;