A black policeman was killed and70 were injured when a bomb was lobbed onto a parade ground inSouth Africa's biggest black township of Soweto this morning,the government said.    The device was thrown from a passing vehicle as traineetownship policemen from all over South Africa were on parade atthe Tladi police training centre, the government's Bureau forInformation said.    Ten officers were seriously wounded and 60 suffered slightinjuries, it said.    A bureau spokesman said the type of explosive device usedwas not known and no arrests had been made.    The government has blamed a spate of limpet mine blasts inSouth African cities in recent months on the outlawed AfricanNational Congress (ANC), fighting a low-level guerrilla waragainst white domination in South Africa.    The municipal police, who perform security duties in blacktownships, have been a main target of black militants in thepast three years of political unrest which has claimed some2,400 lives.    Many black policemen have been forced to live in compoundson the outskirts of townships after their homes were attacked.    Today's attack, one of the most daring since a nationalstate of emergency was declared last June, came as police andtroops deployed at railway stations to stop attacks on trainslinked to a bitter strike by black transport workers.    Foreign Minister Pik Botha has alleged that the ANC isplanning a campaign of violence in the run-up to thewhites-only general election next month. Security is a majorelection issue, with extreme right-wingers accusing thegovernment of being soft in the face of a "revolutionaryonslaught."    Botha warned neighbouring black-ruled states not to allowthe guerrillas to infiltrate South Africa through theirterritory. He said South Africa would not hesitate to takeaction to thwart the alleged offensive.    Zambia, Mozambique, Botswana and Zimbabwe denied Botha'scharges and said they were a pretext for South African attackson them. Pretoria has raided alleged ANC bases in the so-calledFrontline states in the past. Reuter&#3;