This month's endorsement byInternational Business Machines Corp &lt;IBM> of two desktoppublishing software products should add some much-neededstandards to one of the fastest growing segments of thecomputer industry, analysts say.    Desktop publishing is a relatively new market but industryanalysts estimate that sales will reach one billion dlrs thisyear and jump to six billion dlrs by 1990, fueled by the rushof corporations to bring their printing and publishing needsin-house rather than to more expensive outside printers.    Printing is a big expense for most companies. Analystsestimate U.S. corporations will spend about six to 20 pct oftheir total operating budgets on publishing expenses this year.    At a desktop publishing conference in Chicago earlier thismonth, IBM said it will adopt Adobe Systems Inc's Postscripttypesetting language in future electronic printing products.IBM also said it will support Microsoft Corp's Windowsoperating environment as the graphics interface standard infuture publishing announcements rather than its own Topviewenvironment.    "IBM's announcement will give tremendous stimulation to thedevelopment of the desktop publishing market," said DavidGoodstein, president of the consulting firm Interconsult Inc.    "It gives users permission to go ahead and buy products thatare already available without being afraid that they will notbe compatible with whatever IBM does," he said.    The advent of personal computers, laser printers andgraphics software has allowed users to design and printbrochures, newsletters and a host of other communications attheir desks for a fraction of the cost of an outside printingfirm. Analysts credit Apple Computer with creating desktoppublishing when it introduced its Macintosh personal computerfour years ago, with its easy-to-use formats and excellentgraphics capabilities.     Since then Digital Equipment Corp, Xerox Corp, ApolloComputer Inc and a number of other vendors have identifieddesktop publishing as a major growth area. IBM entered themarket only last July when it formed its Publishing SystemsBusiness Unit. IBM's embrace of the already-widely usedPostscript, a language that interprets computer commands andtranslates them into instructions for the printer, was anacknowledgment of what is already a de facto standard.    Both users and makers of electronic publishing systems saidthe support of the world's largest computer maker was criticalto the language's ultimate acceptance by users.    John Warnock, president of Palo Alto, Calif.-based Adobe,said, "Ten pct of corporations have (moved) into desktoppublishing but 90 pct are still sitting back and waiting for anIBM announcement."    IBM entered a licensing pact with Adobe for Postscript, butits support of Windows was not quite so broad. IBM recognizesWindows as a standard but would not comment on the extent ofits commitment to the software.    Windows, a program integrator, allows personal computerusers to run a number of different applications simultaneously. Reuter&#3;