The Bass Group, once thought byanalysts to be eager to sell its holdings in Taft BroadcastingCo, emerged as another potential bidder for the Ohiobroadcasting company.    The Bass Group, which holds 24.9 pct of Taft, said it hadtalked with other taft stockholders and some company managersand directors "concerning participation in a group to acquirecontrol" of the company.    The Bass group said it had talks with other Taftstockholders and members of Taft management about participatingin a group to acquire control. The group, which is led by thewealthy bass brothers of Fort Worth, Texas, did not identifyany of the other people with whom it had talks.    Taft said Friday it would negotiate with its vice ChairmanDudley Taft on his group's 150 dlr per share or 1.38 billiondlr offer for the company.    At the time, the company said it authorized its adviser,Goldman, Sachs and Co, to explore other takeover proposals andto supply financial data to other interested bidders.    "If indeed, the reason Dudley Taft is no longer presidentis because the bass group tossed him out, I couldn't see thembacking him on any deal," said one analyst, who asked not to beidentified.    "I think they wanted a way out. Now, this sounds likethey're going to join the group and buy themselves out," saidEdward Atorino, media analyst with Smith Barney, Harris Uphamand Co.    Analysts have speculated that Carl Lindner may beinterested in acquiring the company. they speculated he may beone of the shareholders in talks with the bass group.    Lindner, chairman of American Financial Corp, holds 16.2pct of Taft. He was not immediately available for comment.    Analysts have said they are baffled by the strength ofTaft's stock price compared to what they see as breakup valuesfor the company.    Several analysts had estimated a break up value of lessthan 150. One analyst said he believes it has a breakup valueof 160 to 165 dlrs per share.    Taft stock closed at 156-1/2, up 1-3/4.    "They (investors) are saying here's another one - anotherfamily dispute," said Dennis McAlpine of Oppenheimer. Reuter&#3;