Dutch Agriculture Minister GerritBraks said today the Netherlands deeply regretted West Germanopposition to radical reforms aimed at halting unwantedEuropean Community (EC) food production.    Braks told journalists he had rounded on his West Germancounter-part Ignaz Kiechle and accused Bonn of "lacking thecourage to tell farmers their methods were outdated" during aprivate meeting of Christian Democrat politicians on Sunday.    Braks said he told Kiechle: "You (Bonn) have had years toput your house in order and failed to do so."    His comments came shortly before EC ministers failed toreach agreement at two days of talks on prices to be paid to ECfarmers from the start of the new crop year on April 1.    The ministers agreed to roll over the present year for twomonths and resume negotiations in Luxembourg next month.    The proposals from the EC's Brussels headquarters wouldslash guaranteed prices paid to producers and seek to peg farmspending at its current two-thirds share of a total budget of36.2 billion European Currency Units (41 billion dlrs).    The attack from Braks comes at a time when relationsbetween the EC's Executive Commission, which has proposed thereform measures, and Bonn are at an all-time low.    The entire 17-man Commission is today visiting Bonn, oncethe most enthusiastic EC member, in an attempt to overcomedifferences largely resulting from bids to rein in out ofcontrol agricultural expenditure.    Kiechle, who yesterday denounced as totally unacceptablenew limits on producers' rights to sell unlimited amounts ofexcess products into Community warehouses, warned the meetingthe measures lead to political instability in his country.    He said they did not even form the basis of negotiation andstressed they were opposed by all political parties in thecountry.    The issue of farm reform has been pushed to the top of theCommunity's agenda by the group's protracted financial crisesand by growing international tension over farm surpluses andsubsidies. Reuter&#3;