Representatives of cocoa consumingcountries at an International Cocoa Organization, ICCO, councilmeeting here have edged closer to a unified stance on bufferstock rules, delegates said.    While consumers do not yet have a common position, anobserver said after a consumer meeting, "They are much morefluid ... and the tone is positive."    European Community consumers were split on the question ofhow the cocoa buffer stock should be operated when the ICCO metin January to put the new International Cocoa Agreement intoeffect, delegates said.    At the January meeting, France sided with producers on howthe buffer stock should operate, delegates said. That meetingended without agreement on new buffer stock rules.    The EC Commission met in Brussels on Friday to see whetherthe 12 EC cocoa consuming nations could narrow theirdifferences at this month's meeting.    The Commissioners came away from the Friday meeting with aninformal agreement to respond to signs of flexibility amongproducers on the key buffer stock issues, delegates said.    The key issues to be addressed at this council sessionwhich divide ICCO members are whether non-member cocoa shouldbe eligible for buffer stock purchases and what pricedifferentials the buffer stock should pay for different typesof cocoa, delegates said.    A consumer delegate said producers and consumers should beable to compromise on the non-member cocoa question.    A working group comprising delegates from all producing andconsuming member countries met briefly this morning, then brokeup into a producer meeting and an EC meeting, followed by aconsumer meeting.    Producers, who are in favour of the buffer stock buying avariety of grades of cocoa and oppose non-member cocoa beingaccepted, reviewed their position ahead of the working groupmeeting this afternoon.    "We are waiting to see what consumers say," a producerdelegate said. "We hope they will be flexible or it will bedifficult to negotiate."    The ICCO comprises 33 member countries. Non-members include the U.S., a consumer, and Malaysia, anincreasingly important producer. Reuter&#3;