Yugoslav government plans to stopsubsidising loss-making firms will anger hundreds of thousandsof workers, Western diplomats said.    The law, proposed by Prime Minister Branko Mikulic, goesinto effect on July 1 and aims to end a long-standing practiceof supporting unprofitable companies. Under the law, wage cutswill be imposed on losing enterprises, while those failing torecover within a six-month grace period will face liquidation.    The diplomats said Mikulic's attempt to create a marketeconomy is inevitable, but has still come as a shock to thoseaccustomed to government subsidies.    "It was a bitter pill which had to be swallowed, but if anoverdose is taken too abruptly, it may have adverse effects onthe system," a Western diplomat said.    He said if the law was applied too strictly it wouldprobably provoke a new wave of strikes and unrest.    Yugoslavia was swept by strikes last month following theintroduction of a wage-freeze law, later amended to allow moreflexibility and some exemptions in what some political analystssaw as a retreat by Mikulic.    But with inflation moving towards 100 pct, trade unionleaders have asked how much more deprivation workers can take.    The union leaders said workers thoughout the country arealready receiving salaries below limits set under existing law,while others have received no wages at all this year becausetheir employers are unable to pay them.    Workers also complain much of their income is taken inlocal, state and federal taxes.    Many others are losing their motivation to work andconfidence in government as they feel their decision-makingpowers are being eroded, trade union officials said.    Meanwhile, the official Tanjug news agency reported a paperand cellulose factory at Ivangrad in the Montenegro republicclosed yesterday and 2,000 of its workers were given "temporaryleave."    Tanjug said the plant had been running at a loss for the 24years it had been in operation, and its closure was the resultof "economic necessity" rather than bankruptcy. REUTER&#3;