The surge in currency futures sinceFriday on the heels of the Reagan administration's proposedtariffs on Japanese imports is likely to be curtailed in thecoming week, financial analysts said.    "The market is taking a breather now, and I would expect itto last a little longer," said Craig Sloane, a currency analystwith Smith Barney, Harris, Upham and Co.    Profit-taking, which robbed the currency futures of somemomentum today, is likely to continue, he said.    Central banks are likely to play a role in halting theadvance in currencies through intervention, the analysts said,even though the dollar fell to a 40-year low against theJapanese yen on Monday despite Bank of Japan intervention.    Treasury Secretary James Baker's comments that the G-6nations remain committed to the Paris accord, coupled with hisrefusal to give any targets for exchange rates, provided a noteof stability to the market Tuesday, the analysts said.    Furthermore, Merrill Lynch Economics analyst David Hornersaid G-6 central banks haven't yet shown the full force oftheir commitment to the Paris accord.    "I'm among those who believe the G-6 have a plan behind thescenes," Horner said.    Horner said more forceful central bank intervention willfirm the dollar and cap the rise in currency futures.    "Coordinated, punishing intervention" by the central banks-- in contrast to the recent rolling intervention which hasonly smoothed out the market -- is in the offing, according toHorner.    "I think we're near the top of the range in the Europeans(currencies)," he said.     On the other hand, the upside target for the yen, whichset a new contract high today at 0.006916 in the June contract,is at 0.007050, Horner said.    Still, other analysts believe currency futures have yet topeak.    "The basic trend in the currencies is higher," said AnneParker Mills, currency analyst with Shearson Lehman BrothersInc. "The market wants to take the dollar lower."    Uncertainty over central bank action and nervousness over aG-5 meeting next week in advance of a meeting of theInternational Monetary Fund could make for choppy priceactivity the remainder of the week, Mills said.    In addition, although the market shrugged off relativelyhealthy gains in February U.S. leading economic indicators andfactory orders Tuesday, economic data could play a larger rolein coming sessions, the analysts said.    Friday's employment statistics in particular will beclosely watched, Sloane said, adding that a forecast rise of250,000 in non-farm payroll jobs should underpin the dollar. Reuter&#3;