Losses for Volkswagen AG&lt;VOWG.F>, VW, linked to an alleged foreign currency fraud willnot exceed the 480 mln marks provision already made, a VWspokesman said.    The spokesman was commenting after VW had confirmed itwould pay an unchanged 10 mark dividend for ordinary shares on1986 business, despite the provision.    One West German newspaper today quoted foreign currencydealers in Frankfurt as speculating that the total losses fromthe currency affair could be as high as 1.5 billion marks, butthe VW spokesman described 480 mln marks as an "upper limit."    VW said in a statement following today's supervisory boardmeeting that it had discussed the foreign currency scandal indetail, and was setting up a new probe into its foreigncurrency activities to be carried out by an unnamed auditingcompany.    VW has said computer programs were erased and documentswere faked in the alleged fraud in which it believestransactions intended to protect it against possible foreigncurrency losses were not completed.    VW's former foreign currency chief Burkhard Junger wasarrested on Monday on suspicion of embezzlement and of havingevaded justice.    Earlier VW had said that its 1986 results would match 1985profits. VW's group net profit in 1985 was 596 mln marks andparent company net was 477 mln marks. It also said it recommendan unchanged dividend to the supervisory board. The company hasalso set a dividend of 11 marks for new preference shares,which were issued last year. Analysts have described the helddividend as a move to reassure worried shareholders.    VW increased nominal capital by 300 marks last year to 1.5billion marks, with the result that its total dividend paymenton 1986 will be 306 mln marks compared with 240 mln on 1985,since the new capital was in preference shares.    The share analysts say VW will have to dig into reserves inorder to maintain the disclosed 1986 profit at 1985 levels. Atthe end of 1985, VW had parent company reserves of slightlyless than three billion marks. REUTER&#3;