U.S. House and Senate budgetnegotiators agreed as part of an overall budget accord reachedyesterday, to cut 1.25 billion dlrs from fiscal 1988 spendingon agricultural programs, Congressional sources told Reuters.    The agreed cut in farm programs is a compromise between 1.4billion sought by the Senate and one billion by the House.    The negotiators also agreed to cut 1.6 billion from thefarm budget in fiscal 1989 and 2.45 billion in 1990, for atotal of 5.3 billion in saving over three years, sources said.    The agreement presents the House and Senate Agriculturecommittees with difficult choices on how to make changes inagriculture programs that achieve the budget savings targetswithout jeopardizing popular support payments, seniorCongressional aides told Reuters.    Some farm state lawmakers already are manuevering to findthe budget savings.    Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., Chairman of the House grainssubcommittee, has introduced a bill which would freeze wheatand corn loan rates for the 1988 crop at the current 2.28 dlrsand 1.92 dlrs respectively, saying it would save 500 mln dlrs.    House Agriculture Committee chairman Kika De la Garza hassaid the committee will consider the Glickman proposal.    But Congressional sources said the proposal is unlikely tobe approved because of opposition from Republican lawmakers anda strong stance by Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who saidfreezing loan rates would send the wrong signal to other majorgrain export competitors and would not achieve the budgetsavings Glickman claims.    Another area where Glickman and other have said budgetsavings might be made is to increase acreage reduction program,ARP, levels for wheat and corn.    However, on this issue also Lyng has taken a strong standwithin the Reagan administration, arguing that the 1988 cropwheat acreage reduction should be left at 27.5 pct and not 30pct as sought by the Office of Management and Budget, OMB. Mostcommodity lobbyists expect Lyng to prevail.    Congressional sources said the only way to achievesignificant budget cuts through ARP increases would be to boostthe 1988 corn ARP. But one informed Congressional source saidsingling-out corn for an ARP increase would would be seen asunfair to one commodity.    Congressional sources said the areas where Congress is mostlikely to eventually look for budget savings are sometightening of the payment limitation rules, and possible adoption of a 0/92 program for the 1988 crops of major grains.    Those changes would achieve a portion of the 1.25 billionbut not enough, they said.    Ultimately, Congressional sources said the agriculturecommittees may be forced to apply an across-the-board cut onall Commodity Credit Corp. payments to farmers, including pricesupport loans and deficiency payments, similar to theGramm-Rudman-Hollings budget cut applied in fiscal 1986.    This idea has been suggested by the American Farm BureauFederation, AFBF, as the fairest approach for all commodities. Reuter&#3;