The European Community (EC) executiveCommission will today urgently consider whether to take a newinitiative to break the current deadlock over reform of thebloc's farm policy and to ease its budgetary crisis.    The Commission will meet in Strasbourg following whatdiplomats described as a largely fruitless special jointmeeting of farm and finance ministers on the issue inLuxembourg Monday.    Commission officials said farm commissioner FransAndriessen will ask the 17-man body for permission to presentfarm ministers with a compromise plan revising proposals for1987/88 farm prices which have divided them since they werefirst announced in March.    The most controversial aspects of these proposals are aplan to tax all vegetable and marine oils and fats to financerapidly increasing production subsidies and technical measureswhich would change the way common EC farm prices are convertedinto member state currencies.    West German delegation sources, who have opposed both plansfiercely, said if the Commission dropped the oils and fats taxplan and modified the currency proposals, there would be achance of agreement on other aspects of the package.      These include measures to cut the effective price paid tofarmers for cereals and some other crops by over 10 pct.      But a Commission spokesman said any new proposals wouldinclude plans for revising the current oils and fats andcurrency regulations.     The Commission is anxious to avoid a complete deadlock inmeetings of EC farm ministers here this week as it fears issuescould then be referred to the EC heads of government summit atthe end of the month.    Commission president Jacques Delors, who wants to ensurethe summit has ample time to consider proposals for new meansof financing the cash-strapped EC, said yesterday it would be"disastrous" if farm issues had to be discussed by governmentleaders.    However, with a five billion European Currency Unit (5.75billion dollar) EC budget deficit almost inevitable this year,the Commission will be wary of making major concessions to thetraditionally free-spending farm ministers, diplomats said    Belgian finance minister Mark Eyskens, who chairedyesterday's joint meeting of ministers, said afterwards someaspects of the farm price package will almost certainly have tobe referred to the summit.    Although Delors' aides described the joint meeting asuseful in clarifying the issues, some diplomats said it seemedto have merely confirmed member states' long held positions.    Indeed, they said an extra state, Spain, seemed to havelined up with the four others already opposing the oils andfats tax, West Germany, Britain, Denmark and Portugal. Reuter&#3;