Switzerland's economy, combining lowunemployment, financial stability and a large external paymentssurplus, is in excellent condition and faces a satisfactoryfuture, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation andDevelopment, OECD, said.    This reflected the success of stable and relatively tightfiscal and monetary policies followed by the government, itsaid.    The OECD, in its annual report on Switzerland, picked outsome signs of a slowdown in activity and a slight pick-up ininflation this year, but said these gave no cause for concern.    The study forecast a decline in Gross Domestic Productgrowth to 1.75 pct this year from an estimated two pct in 1986and a small rise in consumer price inflation to 1.25 pct afterlast year's sharp fall to 0.75 pct from 3.6 pct in 1985.    But it said job creation should continue to absorb a modestincrease in the workforce, leaving the unemployment rateunchanged at around one pct, the lowest in the 24-industrialnation OECD area.    Assuming an average exchange rate of 1.71 Swiss francs tothe dollar this year, against 1.69 in the second half of 1986,the report forecast a 2.75 pct rise in exports and a 3.5 pctrise in imports this year after rises of 3.25 pct and 6.5 pctrespectively in 1986.    The faster growth of imports compared with exports thisyear and last, reflecting buoyant private consumption, meantthat the contribution of the foreign payments balance to GDPwould shrink in both years.    But "given Switzerland's large external surplus, thereshould be no concern if domestic demand grows faster thanGDP...Which, if only in a small way, would contribute toimproving international balances," the OECD said.    Real private consumption appeared to have been unusuallybuoyant last year, with a 3.25 pct growth rate, after severalyears of relative weakness, it noted.    In 1987 private consumption was expected to slow somewhatto a 2.25 pct growth rate, but should still outstrip overallGDP, it added.    The outlook for investment in plant and machinery remainedbright into 1987, and with capacity use at near record levelslast year there was scope for rationalisation and modernisationin both the industry and service sectors, it said.    As a consequence, growth in machinery and equipmentinvestment is likely to decelerate only slightly this yearafter vigorous growth in 1986.    But the report raised a questionmark over the prospects fortourism and the banking industry, two major service sectorearners of foreign exchange.    The long-term appreciation of the Swiss Franc, and theaccelerating deregulation of foreign banking markets, couldlead to a loss of international market share for both, it said.    Particularly for the banks, "recent developments ininternational financial markets give rise to the questionwhether the Swiss financial system, which has shown substantialflexibility in the past, is adapting itself at the speedrequired ... To preserve its competitive position," it said. REUTER&#3;