The Agriculture Department is notconsidering any major changes in its pricing system for postedcounty prices, an Agriculture Department offical said.    "We do not have current plans to make any major adjustmentsor changes in our pricing," said Bob Sindt, USDA assistantdeputy administrator for commodity operations.    U.S. grain traders and merchandisers said earlier this weekUSDA might act soon to reduce the cash corn price premium atthe Gulf versus interior price levels by dropping ASCS postedprices to encourage interior PIK and roll movement.    But Sindt denied USDA is planning any such changes.    "If people are suggesting that we are going to makewholesale changes in pricing, we are not considering this," hesaid.    Sindt, however, did not rule out the possiblity ofimplementing more minor changes in its pricing system.    "We are continually monitoring the whole nationwidestructure to maintain its accuracy," he said. "If we becomeconvinced that we need to make a change, then appropriateadjustments will be made."    Sindt acknowledged that concern has been voiced that USDA'sprice differentials between the New Orleans Gulf and interiormarkets are not accurate because of higher than normal bargefreight rates.    He said commodity operations deputy administrator RalphKlopfenstein is currently in the midwest on a speaking tour andwill meet with ASCS oficials in Kansas City next week.    Sindt said a number of issues will be discussed at thatmeeting, including the current concern over the gulf cornpremiums.    He defended the USDA differentials, saying that these pricemargins reflect an average of prices throughout the year andthat seasonal factors will normally cause prices to increase ordecrease.    The USDA official also said that only those counties thatuse the Gulf to price grain are being currently affected by thehigh barge freight tariffs and increased gulf prices.    When asked if the USDA emergency storage program whichallows grain to be stored in barges was taking up barge spaceand accounting for the higher freight rates, Sindt discountedthe idea.    He said USDA has grain left in only about 250 barges andthat, under provisions of the program, these all have to beemptied by the end of March. Reuter&#3;