South Korea's trade surplus is growing toofast and the government has started taking steps to slow itdown, Deputy Prime Minister Kim Mahn-je said.    He told a press conference the government planned toincrease investment, speed up the opening of the local marketto foreign imports and gradually adjust its currency to holdthe surplus "at a proper level."    But he said the government would not allow the won toappreciate too much in a short period of time. South Korea hasbeen under pressure from Washington to revalue the won.    The U.S. Wants South Korea to cut its trade surplus withthe U.S., Which rose to 7.4 billion dlrs in 1986 from 4.3billion dlrs in 1985.    Kim, who is also economic planning minister, said prospectswere bright for the South Korean economy, but the governmentwould try to hold the current account surplus to around fivebillion dlrs a year for the next five years.    "Our government projections of eight pct GNP growth, fivebillion dlrs of (current account) surplus and 12 pct growth inexports all seemed to be reasonable early this year. But nowthe surplus is growing faster than we expected," he said.    Trade ministry officials said South Korea's exports rose 35pct to 9.34 billion dlrs in the first three months of thisyear, while imports rose only 8.5 pct to 8.2 billion dlrs.    Kim said the swing of South Korea's current account to asurplus of 4.65 billion dlrs in 1986 from an 890 mln dlrdeficit in 1985 was very significant. The surplus enabled thecountry to reduce its foreign debt last year for the firsttime.    South Korea's foreign debt, which fell to 44.5 billion dlrsin 1986 from 46.8 billion in 1985, is still among the largestin Asia.    "This huge amount of our foreign debt has been one of themajor constraints on our development... Last year was a majorturning point for the Korean economy," Kim said.    Kim said his government plannned to reduce the ratio offoreign debt to the country's GNP to about 20 pct in 1991, fromabout 50 pct in 1986.    "The government, however, does not want to acceleratereducing the debt by making an excessive trade surplus," hesaid.    Kim said a sudden rise in the surplus would cause inflationand lead to trade friction with Seoul's major trading partners,particularly the United States.    "We need a surplus because we have to reduce our debt, butwe are taking measures to hold the size of the surplus at aproper level," Kim said. REUTER&#3;