The U.S. Senate AgricultureCommittee approved a bill that would establish farm trade andaid missions to promote the use of U.S. food aid, donation,credit and export subsidy programs by overseas customers.    The bill, approved by voice vote, would establish trademissions made up of representatives of the Departments ofAgriculture and State, the Agency for InternationalDevelopment, the Overseas Private Investment Corp, marketdevelopment cooperatives and private voluntary organizations.    At least 16 missions would have to be sent within one yearafter enactment of the bill. The missions would promote U.S.programs, including PL480, Section 416 donations, ExportEnhancement Program, the dairy export incentive program, andexport credit guarantee programs (GSM-102, GSM-103).    The panel agreed to drop a provision in the original bill,offered by Sen. John Melcher (D-Mont.), that would haverequired the U.S. Agriculture Department to donate at least onemln tonnes of surplus commodities to developing countries.    Current law requires USDA to donate at least 750,000 tonnesof surplus grains and dairy products under the Section 416 fooddonation program.    The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the proposedincrease in the minimum tonnage requirement would have cost upto 50 mln dlrs per year, Senate staff said.    The committee also dropped a provision identifying whichcountries would be the focus of the trade missions' activities.    Under the bill adopted by the committee, countries "friendlyto the United States" would be eligible to host the trademissions.    Melcher originally had proposed sending missions to Mexico,the Philippines, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Senegal, Nigeria, Peru,Kenya, the Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Malaysia, Venezuela,Tunisia and Morocco.    The bill also would require the Foreign AgriculturalService, FAS, to have at least 850 full-time employees duringfiscal years 1987-89. As of February 28, FAS had 790 full-timeemployees, a FAS spokesman said. Reuter&#3;