Brazil's attempt to seek betterterms for paying off its 109 billion dlr foreign debt isresponsible and modest, a former chairman of President Reagan'sCouncil of Economic Advisers said.    "I think that what Brazil is calling for -- limiting itsdebt payments to two and one half pct of GNP -- is aresponsible request on their part," economist Martin Feldsteinsaid at a weekend news conference.    "It requires additional money on the part of the banks, butrather modest additional amounts."    Feldstein is attending the annual meeting of the TrilateralCommission, a foreign policy group of more than 300 businessand government leaders from North America, Europe and Japan.    Feldstein, one of four members of a task force on ThirdWorld debt, said that Brazil's request would mean an additionalcredit of three billion to four billion dlrs from banks andinternational agencies.    "Brazil's debt would increase in dollar terms but remainconstant in real terms. The four billion dlr increase inBrazil's 100 billion dlr debt would represent no increase inthe real inflation-adjusted size of its liability," he said.    Feldstein said he believed current Third World debtproblems were less serious than those faced by theinternational monetary system in 1983 and 1985.    However, the European representative on the task force,Herve de Carmoy, chief executive international for Midland BankPLC, disagreed.    He called the present situation more difficult and, in adraft proposal included in the task force's report, suggestedsetting up an institution, possibly within the World Bank, witha fund that could deal with a future debt crisis.    Commission discussions were closed to reporters but it wasapparent from the news conference that task force members didnot agree on all points in their report.    One point of agreement, Feldstein said, was that debtorcountries would need additional credit in the coming years ifthey are to enjoy satisfactory growth.    Feldstein said the task force, which also included KoeiNarusawa, economic adviser to the president of the Bank ofToyko, and Paul Krugman, professor of economics at theMassachusetts Institute of Technology, did not agree on howmuch credit would be needed.    He said they also did not reach a consensus on how willinginternational banks, particularly those in Japan and Europe,would be to lend the money.    The Trilateral Commission was set up in 1973 by DavidRockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan bank, and others topromote closer cooperation among the three regions. Reuter&#3;