Companies will henceforth be able to ownstakes in banks, but these should not constitute a "dominant"holding, an Italian government committee ruled.    The Interministerial Committee on Credit and Savings,headed by Treasury Minister Giovanni Goria, said its decisionreflected the "need to safeguard the principle of separationbetween banks and non-financial concerns."    It did not quantify what might constitute a "dominant"holding.    The committee also set conditions for the allocation ofcredits by banks to companies or individuals holding stakes inthem, and stipulates conditions under which the Bank of Italycould exercise its powers of control in the case of stakes heldby banks in companies or other banks.    Under the ruling, credits given by banks or theirsubsidiaries to groups or individuals holding five pct or moreof the bank's capital must not exceed defined limits.    The value of credits given cannot exceed either one-fifthof the combined capital and reserves of the bank itself ortwo-fifths of the value of the stake owned in the bank by thegroup or individual concerned.    Exceptions to these conditions include credits to concernsin which the bank itself has a stake and to branches of foreignbanks. Credits made by foreign companies or banks tosubsidiaries which have their legal base in Italy will also beexcluded from the conditions.    The Bank of Italy will request banks to insert rules intheir statutes to ensure that companies or individuals holdingfive pct or more of the bank's capital are not given privilegedtreatment with regard to credit allocation and terms.    With regard to bank holdings in companies, the Bank ofItaly can exercise supervisory controls when information on abank's consolidated activities show single shareholdings in acompany or another bank of 25 pct or more, owned directly orindirectly.    Such controls can also be exercised even if the stake heldis below 25 pct if it can be considered a controlling interest.    The controls will not be exercised in cases where the valueof the bank's stake in a concern is below the lesser of twopredefined limits.    These limits are set at 15 billion lire or two pct of thetotal assets of the parent company of the shareholding bank. REUTER&#3;