A Japanese businessman announced plans fora new telecommunications firm in which Britain's Cable andWireless Plc would be a core company.    However, the plan, unveiled by senior Federation ofEconomic Organizations official Fumio Watanabe, does notspecify what stake Cable and Wireless would have.    "The share holdings of the core companies should be equal,"Watanabe said in a statement. "The actual percentage ofshareholdings should be agreed by the core companies."    He said the eight core companies will provide directors forthe firm.    "The new company shall immediately set to work on thefeasibility study of constructing a new cable for itself,"Watanabe said.    Watanabe has acted as mediator between two rival groups,one of which included C and W, seeking to compete against&lt;Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd>, which now monopolizes Japan'soverseas telephone business.    The Post and Telecommunications Ministry has said it wantsonly one competitor to KDD and has backed Watanabe's efforts.    A British source, who declined to be identified further,said the proposals could open the door to further talks betweenC and W &lt;CAWL.L> and the other firms involved.    C and W had earlier rejected a reported proposal whichwould have given it a five pct share in the newtelecommunications firm, compared to the less than three pctstake Watanabe originally proposed. C and W has a 20 pct stakein one of the two firms Watanabe has proposed should merge.    The British source said the decision not to specify theexact shareholdings of the core companies could leave the dooropen for further discussion.    "It's probably a sensible approach on their part," theBritish source told reuters.    C and W has also been pushing hard for permission to lay anew cable between Japan and the U.S.    The proposed merger has sparked an international row, withBritish government sources threatening retaliatory actionagainst Japan for what they see as discriminatory practicesagainst foreign firms.    The sources said last Friday that one option for Britainwould be to revoke licenses of Japanese banks and securitiescompanies operating in London.    The U.S. Has also attacked the original merger plans,saying that both rival consortia should be licensed.    Asked about participation by other U.S. And European firms,Watanabe said, "They will not be core companies but if they wishthey could participate." Under the Japanese law, total foreignparticipation would be limited to one-third.    "It might be wise for C and W to join the new firm which hasthe support of many influential backers and work within thisfor the realization of their ideas," Watanabe told reporters.    The other core firms are Mitsubishi Corp &lt;MITT.T>, Mitsuiand Co &lt;MITS.T>, Sumitomo Corp &lt;SUMT.T>, Matsushita ElectricIndustrial Co &lt;MC.T>, Toyota Motor Corp &lt;TOYO.T>, C Itoh and Co&lt;CITT.T>, and &lt;Pacific Telesis International Inc>.    Watanabe said that his latest proposal represented hisfinal effort.    If it fails to satisfy the British government, it will beup to the Japanese government to explain its position, he said. REUTER&#3;