Today's liberalised financial markets aremaking it extremely difficult for Japan's monetary authoritiesto prevent the yen's rise against the dollar, but they haveseveral options other than normal intervention, Bank of Japansources said.    A senior central bank official said that such methods ascontrolling foreign exchange deals and invoking currency swapagreements with other central banks, which have not beeninvoked since 1978, are all being considered.    "But the time may not be ripe," he said.    "In this era of financial liberalisation, it's almostimpossible to control the flow of capital in and out of Japan,"said another senior bank official.    But the first official said: "From a technical viewpoint,the Bank of Japan could activate swap agreements immediatelyafter other central banks involved agreed to do so."    A swap agreement, an exchange of currency between twonations, allows both sides to acquire a ready source of theother's currency in case of need.    "If the Bank invokes such swaps, both parties would announcethe decision jointly," said the first official.    The sources said they believed the limit of currency marketintervention may be being reached after they saw recentconcerted market action by central banks of major industrialnations was increasingly ineffective in propping up thebattered dollar.    But intervention is at least an option, they said. Furthereasing of monetary policy will be very difficult with anofficial discount rate already at a record low of 2.5 pct, theysaid.    Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita has repeatedly ruledout another rate cut due to fears it could revive inflation.    One bank official said he could not deny the possibilty ofthe Bank of Japan activating currency swap agreements with theU.S. And other central banks, if these banks continueintervening to sell the yen in support of the dollar and runout of their yen cash positions.    "But we don't think they have become short of yen quite yet,"he said.    The bank has established a five billion dlr swap limit withthe U.S. Federal Reserve and another 2.5 billion mark and 200billion yen limit with the West German and Swiss central banks,according to the sources.    Foreign exchange dealers estimate the Fed had sold twobillion dlrs worth of yen from its own account to support thedollar in New York last week.    The central bank sources also said Japan may arrange othercurrency swap agreements with Britain and France if they findit necessary, but added they are not actually talking with eachother towards that end. REUTER&#3;