Indonesia heads for general elections insix weeks' time with its economy in the worst shape in 20years, economists and officials said.    The government expects no spillover of "people power" fromthe neighbouring Philippines to unsettle the 20-year rule ofPresident Suharto, victory for whose ruling Golkar party in thecoming parliamentary elections is assured.    However, Western diplomats said it is the country'sdeteriorating economic position that is the main threat to itsstability.    Last year's collapse in oil prices dealt a heavy blow toIndonesia, halving its revenue from oil and gas exports to 6.5billion dlrs last year from 12.4 billion in 1985. Oil and gasaccount for 70 pct of export income.    The result is that in the run-up to April 23 elections,Suharto, far from wooing his 168 mln countrymen with payincreases or tax cuts, is busy slashing budget spending.    The government has also recently increased transport faresand frozen the pay of the civil service and the army for thesecond year running, despite inflation now estimated at 8.8pct.    The current account deficit rose to 4.09 billion dlrs in1986 from 1.8 billion in 1985, while the debt service ratiowidened to 33.2 pct for 1987 from 25 pct in 1986.    Foreign debt repayments of 4.6 billion dlrs account foralmost a third of the 1987/88 budget.    A recent U.S. Embassy report on the economy said 1986 grossdomestic product growth was the lowest since the mid-1960s whenSuharto came to power. Western economists said GDP registerednil growth or contracted last year after 1.9 pct growth in1985, and predicted only a one pct rise this year.    In its efforts to return to growth seen in the oil-boomyears of the 1970s when the economy grew an average seven pct,the government is now relying more on foreign borrowings.    Indonesia has asked foreign governments to finance itsshare of new projects being built with overseas money, becauseit cannot afford even to meet local costs.    In the last three months Indonesia has taken out new loanstotalling 1.55 billion dlrs, on top of its external debt of 37billion dlrs. Western bankers said more will be needed, and thecountry now ranks sixth among Third World debtors.    A 350 mln dlr commercial loan signed in Tokyo in Decemberwas followed in the first week of February with a 300 mln dlrloan from the World Bank to support the balance of payments.    Last month, Japan's Export-Import Bank agreed a 900 mln dlrloan to meet Indonesia's share of 21 World Bank projects whichwould otherwise have been scrapped or postponed. More loans areon the way, including two more from the World Bank worth atotal 300 mln dlrs for roads and irrigation.    U.S. Ambassador Paul Wolfowitz said in a recent speech thateconomic growth remains the key to preserving Indonesia'sfundamental stability.    The largest Moslem nation in the world, Indonesia has sofar avoided some of the more extreme paths of other Moslemcountries. But the World Bank has warned that mountingunemployment could start causing severe social strains unlessit is tackled.    It said in its annual report on Indonesia last June thatunless economic growth is revived, unemployment could reachwhat it termed "unacceptable levels."    Unemployment was officially put at 4.8 pct at the end oflast year, but those considered underemployed number around 35pct.    What path to take appears to be a matter of some disputewithin Suharto's government, with his Western-trainedtechnocrats advocating more of the classic remedies supportedby the international financial community.    But another group supports a protected economy, with moreimport substitution, the U.S. Embassy report said.    The government devalued the rupiah by 31 pct against thedollar last September to help exports and curb imports, and iscurrently working on a series of measures to further encourageforeign investment and boost exports outside the oil sector.    The direction Suharto takes could affect Indonesia'sability to raise new loans in the future, Western bankers say.    So far, despite three packages of economic measures overthe past nine months, he has not touched key monopolies thatare linked to businesses controlled either by his family or bybusiness associates, diplomats and bankers say.    Diplomats and investors are now looking for action onmonopolies and the loss-making state sector as signs thatSuharto is serious about tackling the country's problems. REUTER&#3;