Texaco Inc &lt;TX> said its decision tofile for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcycode will not affect the majority of its businesses.    It said its subsidiaries, which account for 96 pct of its32.6 billion dlrs in revenues and 79 pct of its net property,plant and equipment, were free of the action.    Only parent holding company, Texaco Inc, and operatingsubsidiaries, Texaco Capital Inc and Texaco Capital N.V, areaffected, it said.    But the company said it was likely to suspend its 75 centsper share quarterly common stock dividend and halt repaymentson debts of some 6.8 billion dlrs.    Texaco said it filed for Chaper 11 because suppliers weredemanding cash payments and banks were withholding loans as aresult of a legal dispute with Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL>.    Texaco is fighting a Texas law requiring it to post a bondof more than 10 billion dlrs before it can appeal a 1985judgment that ruled it illegally interfered with Pennzoil's1984 acquisition of Getty Petroleum Corp &lt;GTY>. The bond almostmatches the damages awarded against Texaco.    Should Texaco fail to place the bond, Pennzoil could beginto attach its assets to secure the judgment.    Last Monday, the Supreme Court overturned a decision to cutTexaco's bond to one billion dlrs, and sent the issue back tothe Texas courts.    Analysts said the bankruptcy filing effectively froze allTexaco's obligations while it continued to appeal the merits ofthe Pennzoil lawsuit.    "Attempts last week to win a compromise on both the bondissue and the larger dispute failed," James Kinnear, Texaco'spresident and chief executive officer, told reporters.    Kinnear said Pennzoil's disclosure in court papers onFriday that it wanted to extend the bond issue hearing untilthe end of April, pushed Texaco further towards Chapter 11.    Pennzoil had asked Texaco to post a 5.6 billion dlr cashbond and to reduce its dividend to not more than 50 pct ofearnings. Pennzoil also wanted assurances that Texaco would notsell any assets, Kinnear said.    Texaco offered to put up one billion dlrs in a letter ofcredit and agreed not to let the value of its assets fall under11.1 billion dlrs, he added.    Joseph Jamail, a Houston attorney for Pennzoil, said thecompany had made its latest settlement offer to Texaco onSaturday and was taken by surprise when Texaco filed forbankruptcy.    He declined to reveal the amount of the proposal, citing aconfidentiality agreement between the two companies. "Texacotold us they would get back to us but instead they chose to goto bankruptcy court," Jamail said.    Attorneys for Pennzoil said they believed the company wouldprevail in court appeals, adding that Texaco's assets wereample ultimately to pay the Pennzoil judgment in full. REUTER&#3;