Colombia intends to improve themarketing of its coffee with the accent on more flexibility onsetting export registration prices, finance minister CesarGaviria said.    Speaking to reporters after announcing a lower exportregistration price, or reintegro, of 1.10 dlr per lb ex-dockNew York, Gaviria said export mechanisms would be more agile.    "In the first stage, we decided not only to lower thereintegro but also to adopt a flexible policy of reintegro thatwill allow private exporters to participate more actively inColombia's coffee export policy," he said.    Traders said this means the export registration price willchange more often in a truer reflection of market trends.    Gaviria said the measures merely responded to new marketfactors since a return to a system of International CoffeeOrganisation (ICO) export quotas may not occur in the shortterm.    ICO talks last month in London failed to break a deadlockover re-introduction of export quotas, suspended in February1986.    Gaviria stressed that Colombia will not necessarily sufferfrom depressed prices because it can compensate lower priceswith increased volume.    "Colombia will continue to export its traditional amount ofcoffee, between 9.6 and 10 mln bags (of 60 kilos), and will doso without an agreement among producers," he said.    He ruled out a much higher volume of exports, or up to 13.5mln bags as mentioned in market circles, "because the idea isprecisely not to disrupt the market."    Colombia exported a record 11.5 mln bags in the 1985/86coffee year which ended last September 30.    Echoing Gaviria's words, Jorge Cardenas, manager of thenational coffee growers' federation, said Colombia sought toadapt its coffee marketing policy to circumstances.    "There is great expectation in the world for the policiesthat Brazil and Colombia will adopt. Ours is beginning toemerge and no agreement among producers is foreseeable in theimmediate future," he told journalists.    Trade sources in Rio today said Brazil's future exportpolicy was unlikely to be revealed before the end of next week.    Cardenas said a new ICO meeting could only take place whenproblems that hindered an agreement at the recent London talkshave been resolved.    Asked to comment on a Reuter report from Jakarta sayingIndonesia hoped Colombia could use its contacts with Brazil tosuggest a compromise on the quota issue, Cardenas said theBrazilian stand was quite clear.    He said Brazil's current quota "reflects the reality of themarket, allows for an orderly supply and satisfies demand," butadded more clarity was needed to assess the criteria thatdetermined it.    Cardenas said lows registered immediately after the failureof the London talks were triggered by a widespread fear amongdealers of an imminent price war and the belief that producerswould go out and sell their coffee as quickly as possible,which did not happen. Reuter&#3;