The National Broadcasting Co deliveredits "final offer" for a new contract to representatives of2,800 writers, editors and technicians early today and waitedfor a response.    A committee of the National Association of BroadcastEmployees and Technicians discussed the offer but after threehours they had not come to any decision.    If the union walks out it would mean simultaneous strikesagainst all three major U.S. television networks. A differentunion struck CBS Inc &lt;CBS> and Capital Cities/ABC Inc &lt;CCB> amonth ago. NBC is owned by the General Electric Co &lt;GE>.    "We're instructing all our members to continue workingwithout a contract," said John Krieger, a union official. Thecontract expired at midnight March 31.    Krieger said the committee is empowered to call a strike ifit sees fit but he added, "we're not gun shy and we're notstrike-happy, we don't take it lightly." He said the unionneeded time to draft a formal response to the NBC proposal,which the network billed as its "best and final offer."    A spokeswoman for NBC said management personnel wereprepared to take assume technical duties if its radio andtelevision facilities are struck.    "If there were a strike, we would not expect anyinterruption in our service," the NBC spokeswoman said. At CBSand ABC, where the Writers Guild of America has been on strikesince early March, viewers have noticed little difference inthe programs. However technicians are not involved in thewalkout at CBS and ABC.    Krieger said the "major stumbling block" in the talks withNBC was the network's insistence on having the right to hireengineers and writers on a daily basis. "In a broad sense thiswould decimate the union," he said, with temporary workersjeopardizing the jobs of staff employees.    NBC said its proposal "contains assurances that there is nointention to replace regular employees with daily hires." NBCsaid regular employees who may be on layoff would be offeredemployment first.    NBC also said any daily hires would be represented by theunion and would be phased in at four pct of regular staff inthe first year of a contract and six percent afterward.    Top scale wages would increase to 855 dlrs per week in thefirst year of the two-year contract and 895 dlrs in the secondyear, under the NBC proposal. Krieger said the network's wageproposals were "disappointing" but not the main issue.    NBC said its proposals would give it greater flexibility insports and news coverage. It said its proposals would permitlimited access to news materials from affiliates andsubscription services and allow Cable News Network to joinnetwork pool facilities. Cable News Network is owned by TurnerBroadcasting System &lt;TBS>.    Material from subscription servoces would be limited to anaverage of about one minute in a half-hour program, NBC said.The network said the changes it seeks "would reduce costlyduplication and are vital to NBC's long term health."    The major U.S. networks have experienced cost cuttingcampaigns following a series of ownership changes that affectedthe parent companies of all three in the past two years.    Laurence Tisch became the largest shareholder in CBS, NBC'sformer parent RCA was acquired by General Electric and ABC wasmerged into Capital Cities Broadcasting.    The broadcast operations have been hit with layoffs andother belt-tightening measures. Network executives cited cabletelevision services and video cassette players which competefor viewers. Reuter&#3;