West Germany's proposed tax reform shouldbe brought forward to stimulate economic growth and head offU.S.-led pressure on Bonn to take further fiscal steps to helpboost the world economy, the Ifo economic institute said.    An Ifo report said, "The total growth effect of the reformcould be considerably enhanced, and international pressure onthe government therefore reduced, if a larger portion of thetax cuts planned by 1990 were brought forward to 1988."    Swift action is required to remove growing doubts about howthe 44 billion mark tax reform will be financed, Ifo said.    The report says the tax reform will be insufficient and toolate to stimulate economic growth, as demanded by WestGermany's industrial partners.    Since the lion's share of cuts worth a gross 44 billionmarks "will not go into effect before 1990, their impact ongrowth will be too little, too late," said Ifo.    The West German government has consistently said that bycutting taxes and encouraging consumer spending it is boostingdomestic demand and making a significant contribution to worldeconomic growth.    Bonn has agreed to increase the scope of tax reductionsplanned for 1988. In March, the government said 1988 tax cutswould be expanded by 5.2 billion marks to 13.7 billion.    A month later, economics minister Martin Bangemanncountered a joint call from all five German economic institutesto speed up tax cuts by saying such a step would endangerefforts to consolidate the budget and keep new public borrowingdown.    Financing the tax reform has become an "acute problem," Ifosaid.    "Currently, every proposal over financing (the reform) comesup against political opposition. There will be a lot morecriticism before the outstanding 19.4 billion marks needed tofinance the reform has been accounted for," the report said.    The government has pledged to agree by the Autumn how toraise around 19 billion marks still needed to finance tax cuts.Subsidies paid to ailing industries are the major target.    But even leading coalition members like Matthias Wissmann,economics spokesman for the ruling Christian Democratic party,have conceded that subsidy cuts exceeding five billion marksare unrealistic, leaving a remaining 14 billion marks to befound.    An increase in public borrowing will be inevitable to helpfinance the tax cuts, but Bonn should be able to cope withthis, the report said.    Despite vigorous opposition from the Free Democrats, thejunior partners in the centre-right coalition government, Bonnwill eventually be forced to increase value added tax (VAT) dueto tax harmonisation measures within the European Community. AVAT increase will also provide funds for income tax reform, thereport said.    Viewed in the context of efforts by Bonn, Washington andTokyo to reform taxes, "despite its various shortcomings, WestGermany's planned tax reform is better than its reputation," Ifosaid.    The effective cut in the income tax burden carried by WestGermans will be greater than in the U.S., Although the ratereductions are smaller and income tax levels will remain higheroverall, the report said. REUTER&#3;