Parliament approved a proposal to dropall controls on capital outflows, raising the prospect thatTaiwan's vast resevoir of foreign exchange will flow into theworld economy.    A government spokesman said the new law would bepromulgated by President Chiang Ching-Kuo within 10 days andfinancial authorities would then be empowered to lift controlson currency outflows at any time.    Tight restrictions on capital inflows introduced this yearwill remain in place, the spokesman said.    Central Bank Governor Chang Chi-Cheng has said the controlswill be lifted at the end of next month or early in August.    The central bank and finance ministry proposed liftingcurrency restrictions to help reduce Taiwan's foreign exchangereserves, which stand at about 60 billion U.S. Dlrs and haveled to runaway growth in money supply.    The reserves, the world's third largest after Japan andWest Germany, also draw attention to Taiwan's huge tradesurplus and the government fears they are making the island atarget for U.S. Trade protectionism.    The surplus rose 34 pct to a record 7.32 billion U.S. Dlrsin the first five months of this year and about 90 pct of itwas with the United States.    Money supply rose a seasonally adjusted 51.9 pct in theyear to end-April, raising fears of higher inflation.    Local bankers and economists say when the controls arelifted, businessmen will be allowed to buy foreign currency andinvest it freely overseas. But they warn against expectationsof a sudden outflow of capital.    "I don't think we're going to see a big bang," John Brinsden,the Taiwan manager of Standard Chartered Bank told Reuters in arecent interview.    Bankers said that businessmen have been holding vastquantities of foreign exchange overseas for many years and alsohave been freely buying and exporting currency through aflourishing black-market.    "Obviously there will be an outflow of funds ... But I don'tthink it's going to be much," said Danny Chan, director ofFidelity Securities Investment Consulting Corp.    Economists say the success of plans to encourage capitaloutflow depend on whether the central bank can slow the rise ofthe local currency.    The Taiwan dollar has risen by about 23 pct against theU.S. Dollar since September 1983, prompting an inflow ofspeculative money. It rose by one Taiwan cent today to close at31.08.    The government spokesman said the new law does not empowerauthorities to permanently lift capital controls, but anyproposal to reimpose them would need the approval ofparliament.    Many economists believe that once the controls are liftedit will be almost impossible to reimpose them. REUTER&#3;