Gencorp Inc said its board urgedshareholders to reject the hostile unsolicited 100 dlr a sharetender offer made March 18 by General Acquisition Inc, anaffiliate of Wagner and Brown and AFG Industries INc.    Gencorp also said it is developing a financially superioralternative that would enable shareholders to benefit from thefull value of the company.    In a letter to shareholders, Chairman A. William Reynolds said the offer is a "highly conditional, contingently financedbust-up offer" that seeks to deny shareholders the true valueof their investment in Gencorp.    Reynolds said the board reached its decision to reject theoffer after careful study with legal and financial advisers. Hesaid the board has authorized management to explorealternatives aimed at providing shareholders with a"financially superior" alternative to the general acquisitionoffer.    A Gencorp spokesman, in response to questions, would notcomment on market speculation that the company's management maydevelop a leveraged buyout offer of its own. He would also notcomment on when a better alternative might be developed.    Gencorp's stock has traded well above the 100 dlr offerprice since the tender was made. Today, Gencorp closed at114-1/4, up 1-5/8.    Reynolds said in the letter that for the last few years,Gencorp management has taken action to enhance shareholdervalue, and the stock price and earnings have improved since hejoined the company.    Gencorp said the partnership's offer is a "bargain price"acquisition that was "using financing from a syndicate of banksthat does not yet exist and a bridge loan from Shearson Lehmanbrothers that shearson is not obligated to provide."    Reynolds also said the offer would result in a radicalalteration and selloff of Gencorp's assets, including AerojetGeneral to refinance General Acquisition's borrowings with theprofits going to Wagner and Brown and AFG instead ofshareholders.    The letter also said the General Acquisition offer"jeopardizes the security and interests" of its shareholders,employees, customers, suppliers and the communities throughoutthe country where the company's facilities are located. Reuter&#3;