The Japanese economy will remain sluggishin the months ahead after turning in its worst performance for12 years in 1986, private economists said.    Consumer spending, a main driving force of domestic demand,was likely to remain lacklustre although brisk housing andbusiness investment would help sustain the economy this year,the economists said.    They said they were shocked by an Economic Planning Agencyreport today that private spending fell 0.7 pct in the Oct/Decquarter for the first time in 12 years.    The report said Japan's gross national product rose a real0.8 pct in Oct/Dec after a revised 0.7 pct increase in theprevious quarter.    It said GNP growth for 1986 was a real 2.5 pct, down from4.7 pct in 1985. Agency officials said this was the worstperformance since 1974 when GNP contracted 1.4 pct in the wakeof the first oil crisis.    They expressed concern about the 0.7 pct decline inconsumer spending in the final quarter of 1986 but said it wasonly temporary as exceptionally warm winter weather haddepressed retail sales.    But most private economists disagreed and said consumerswere likely to remain pessimistic in coming months as they sawtheir real income level off.    "Sure, consumers may have spent less on winter clothes orheating apparatus because of the warm winter this year, butthey have done so because they have become even more uneasyabout their future pay rises," said Shoji Saito, general managerof Mitsui Bank's economic research division.    He said the outlook for pay increases was gloomy because of falling employment in many industries, particularly those hithard by the yen's rise.    Masao Suzaki, senior economist at the Bank of Tokyo, saidweakened consumer confidence was the most worrying factor.Without brisk consumer spending, Japan can hardly achievedomestically generated economic growth as the government hasput a lid on fiscal measures, he said.    Other economists said the 0.8 pct growth registered inOct/Dec may have been inflated by special factors, includingexceptionally heavy spending in the public sector. JohsenTakahashi, chief economist at Mitsubishi Research Institute,said the 14.4 pct increase in public sector spending in Oct/Decresulted from an issue of gold coins.    "This is just a one-shot spending and we can't expect thathigh level of public-sector consumption in the followingquarter," Takahashi said. Agency officials said public spendingwould have risen 1.1 pct in Oct/Dec without the issue, whichmarked 60 years of Emperor Hirohito's reign.    Takahashi said the economy might contract in the currentquarter given the lack of additional significant governmentspending and sluggish consumer spending.    Saito said the most effective government action would beincome tax cuts and the postponement beyond next January of aproposed controversial sales tax. REUTER&#3;