The Hong Kong Stock Exchange isconsidering new rules governing different classes of sharesfollowing a spate of new "B" share issues by leading local firms,exchange chairman Ronald Li said.    He told reporters the rules will allow settlement of "A"share transactions with cheaper "B" shares at a ratio equivalentto their par values. But "A" shares cannot be used to settletransactions of "B" shares.    Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd &lt;JARD.HK>, Cheung Kong(Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HK> and Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HK>have all announced proposals for issuing "B" shares.    These would have substantially reduced par values but wouldhave voting rights equal to the existing shares or "A" shares.    Li said the exchange does not want to restrict the issue of"B" shares but it is concerned about huge discrepancies betweenmarket prices of existing "A" and "B" stocks.    The exchange said yesterday it will not accept furtherproposals by listed firms to issue such new shares.    Li said that if the exchange did not take action numerousother companies would make similar issues. &lt;Evergo IndustrialEnterprise Ltd>, now suspended from trading, has already madesuch a proposal, he added.    Li said the exchange will consult legal advisers in Britainfor the proposals from Cheung Kong, Hutchison and JardineMatheson. If the rules of settlement cannot be implemented, thethree firms must present alternative methods to guaranteereasonable price differentials between the "A" and "B" shares.    Both Jardine and Hutchison declined comment. But localnewspapers quoted Cheung Kong's director Albert Chow as sayingthe firm will withdraw its issue if the new rule is approved.    Analysts have said the "B" shares are designed largely toprotect the interests of majority shareholders. There is littleliquidity in them and they trade at big discounts.    Stock brokers noted the "A" shares of Swire Pacific Ltd&lt;SWPC.HK> closed at 22 H.K. Dlrs today while the "B" shares endedat 3.95 dlrs. The stocks have a par value of 60 and 12 centsrespectively, or a one-to-five ratio. At those levels thatrepresents an "A" share premium of about 11.4 pct over the "B"shares.    Li said the exchange has not considered any measuresagainst existing "B" stocks. Other existing "B" stocks are allissued by units of Wharf (Holdings) Ltd &lt;KOWL.HK>, including&lt;Hong Kong Realty and Trust Co Ltd>, &lt;Lane Crawford HoldingsLtd> and &lt;Realty Development Corp Ltd>.  REUTER&#3;