Sterling made a sharp recovery when U.K.Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson described remarks hemade yesterday on targets for the pound as "insignificant,"rallying back up almost exactly to the levels it had fetchedbefore Lawson spoke yesterday, dealers and analysts said.    They said sterling would likely leave the limelight onceagain to trade quietly around current levels, as the marketsset their sights on the dollar, yen and mark again ahead of keyinternational monetary talks in Washington next week.    Sterling ended its European day at 1.6020/30 dlrs,virtually unchanged from yesterday's last 1.6040/50 dlrs,fetched before Lawson's first comment. But it was well up onlevels just above 1.59 dlrs which it had held until the secondcomment came.    Against the mark, sterling recovered to close at2.9190/9240 marks after today's opening 2.9040/90 and lastnight's 2.9210/45.    "On balance, it is as if nothing happened ... We are back towhere we were before," Mark Brett, economist at securities houseBarclays de Zoete Wedd said.    "This whole story is like a storm in a teacup," a dealer witha U.K. Bank commented.    The pound's recovery was triggered when Lawson criticisedmedia coverage of comments he made yesterday, when he told aconference he wanted sterling to stay roughly where it was.    In this context, Lawson was reported to have specifiedrates of around 2.90 marks and 1.60 dlrs to the pound inremarks which markets were quick to interpret as a signal tosell sterling.    Lawson said today he had merely stated yesterday'sapproximate value of the pound.    "The wrong end of the stick was picked up," he toldreporters, adding his comments did in no way signal a change inBritish exchange rate policies.    Dealers and analysts said the reactions to both statementswere clear evidence that the market, frustrated by the relativecurrency stability after the February 22 Paris agreement, wasdesperate to reactivate trading and would react to any cluesoffered about the contents of the currency accord.    In Paris, finance ministers of the Group of Five and Canadaare widely believed to have agreed exchange rate targets,although no participant has specified these in an apparent bidto foster stability by keeping markets guessing.    "The markets are absolutely desperate to get clues on Groupof Six (countries that are part to the Paris agreement) targets... The number of rumours flying around is bigger than everbefore," said Barclays de Zoete Wedd's Brett.    Analysts said neither yesterday's remarks nor today's hadchanged their impression that after Paris, sterling wastargeted to trade in broad ranges against major currencies.     All polled analysts said if anything, the 2.90 marks levelmentioned by Lawson was probably the centre of a wide20-pfennig range which sterling would easily hold, helped bygood economic indicators and relatively high interest rates.    "It would be insane to pinpoint an exchange rate ahead of anelection ... I don't believe Lawson is mad enough to tiehimself to a fixed rate," Brett said. He expected sterling tofirm over the next few weeks, to around 2.95 marks and 1.63dlrs, as overseas investors reappraised high-yieldinginvestments here.    Robin Marshall, chief economist at Chase ManhattanSecurities, said he was not surprised to see Lawson qualify hissterling target comments so quickly.    "His remarks gave markets a target to aim at," he said,adding, "He (Lawson) talked himself into a bit of a corner onthis ... It made him a hostage to fortune."    Marshall and other analysts dismissed a theory, that byquoting target rates Lawson had attempted to put pressure onprime Minister Margaret Thatcher to agree to British membershipof the European Monetary System (EMS), as implausible. Reuter&#3;