European Community diplomats said thequestion of whether Eurobonds will fall under proposed EC rulesrequiring new securities issues in Community countries to bepreceded by a prospectus has yet to be resolved.    The U.K. Securities industry has been lobbying hard againstan EC Commission proposal, aimed at protecting investors, thatwould require publication and approval of a prospectus beforeall public offers of securities.    The proposed directive currently includes Eurobonds,although it makes an exception to the prospectus rules forissues directed exclusively at professional investors.    Diplomats said that with Britain tending towards backingWest Germany and Luxembourg in their opposition to theinclusion of Eurobonds, the question of whether they wouldremain within the scope of the directive or not was wide open.    "Everything is in the melting pot," said one diplomat whodeclined to be named.    The diplomats said Belgium has now given up attempts tohave the directive adopted by EC ministers before it hands overthe presidency of the 12-nation Community to Denmark on July 1.It was not immediately clear what priority the Danes wouldattach to getting the proposals through during their six monthtenure.    Meanwhile, discussions on the directive at working grouplevel have halted, diplomats said.    Officials of the EC Commission said it recognised that itsproposals created a conflict between the need for greaterprotection of investors, on the one hand, and for banks andother institutions to place Eurobonds quickly, on the other.    "It's a problem and we are still in the grips of internaldebate as to the right line to take," said one Commissionofficial. Eurobonds were not included in the original draftdirective, first put forward in 1981, but were brought into itsscope later at the request of a number of EC member states.    Diplomats said countries that oppose the inclusion ofEurobonds in the proposals are worried that the prospectusrequirements would prevent the thriving Eurobond market fromfunctioning as well as it does now.    "With timing so essential to the market for placing anddistribution, there's just not time to deal with thesebureaucratic hurdles," said one.    He and others said the overriding concern was that therequirements could drive the Eurobond market out of traditionalEC centres like London and Luxembourg to Switzerland, the U.S.Or Japan.    Diplomats said the Eurobond question is not the only issuethat needs to be resolved before the directive can be passed.    They said West Germany's main objection to the directive inits present form is that it considers as too stringent proposedrules laying down how much information companies issuingnon-listed securities should disclose in their prospectuses.    The proposed rules create problems for West Germany becauseits new second tier securities market has less demandingrequirements that would have to be tightened. REUTER&#3;