Striking seamen said they wouldoffer their collective resignation rather than end their13-day-old national strike on management's terms.    The seamen said they were spurred to their decision aftermarines occupied the ship Docemarte in Santos harbour Tuesdaynight. They said seamen on the vessel were being forced to workunder duress.    President Jose Sarney's government despatched troops toBrazil's ports and oil installations on Tuesday.    Seamen in Santos, Brazil's main port, are in defiant mood.One of their leaders, Orlando dos Santos, told Reuters thatmost of the 1,100 seamen in the port offered their resignationson Wednesday. The national strike headquarters in Rio deJaneiro said seamen were offering to resign in all thecountry's main ports.    The strike by 40,000 seamen comes as Brazil faces a seriousdebt crisis brought on by a sharp deterioration in its tradebalance. The country needs all the foreign exchange it can get,and shipowners have been quick to denounce seamen for the harmthe strike is doing to exports.    An advertisement placed in the newspapers by the ShipownersAssociation read, "The seamen's strike is illegal, irrationaland unpatriotic."    The seamen respond that they cannot live on their presentsalaries. According to officical pay lists available in theunion's office, the basic pay for ordinary seamen is 1,977cruzados a month, while various allowances can bring theirtotal pay up to 4,000 cruzados a month.    At the other end of the scale, captains earn 7,993 cruzadosa month basic pay, which is brought up to 15,229 cruzados withallowances.     "Brazil's seamen are the second worst paid in the world,after Ghana's," dos Santos said. He said the seamen had notreceived a pay increase since February 1986, and prices havedoubled since then with the collapse of the government'sCruzado Plan price freeze.    Talks in Rio de Janeiro Wednesday involving Labour MinisterAlmir Pazzionotto, seamen and employers failed to resolve thedispute. The seamen are demanding pay raises of about 200 pctbut have been offered less than half that. REUTER&#3;