Primary dealers in U.K. Government giltswill not be required to underwrite the government's offering ofits securities when the first auctions begin in Mid-May, theBank of England said.    In an official notice released today, the Bank said "Therewill be no formal or informal underwriting arrangement for theauctions but the Bank encourages all gilt-edged market makers,as part of their commitment to the market, to participateactively in the auction process."    The Bank was originally believed to have favoured requiringthe dealers to underwrite auctions, which are patterned afterthose in the U.S. Treasury market.    However, the Treasury was believed to have baulked at therequest by the 27 market makers for an allotment commissionwhich would discourage the largest institutional investors fromplacing orders for new stock directly through the Bank ofEngland, thus denying primary dealers some of their bestcustomers. Commission would have been passed along to customerswho did place orders via the primary dealers, making it lessexpensive to buy through them than to go directly to the Bank.    Market sources said the Bank had, in its discussions withthe dealers about the upcoming auctions, agreed that theallotment commission was reasonable if the dealers had aconcurrent commitment to buy at the auction regardless ofmarket conditions.    Indeed, the Bank and the gilts dealers are believed to bedisappointed that the Treasury has not agreed to go along withthe plan. However, in its paper, the Bank suggested that anyconditions applied for the first few auctions may be abandonedor modified in future sales of gilts if they prove inefficientor unwieldy.    Among other items in the document, the Bank said its firstauction will consist of up to 1.25 billion stg in conventionalshort-dated stock and have a maturity of seven years or less.    Subsequent auctions to be held in the 1987-88 financialyear would first be of up to one billion stg of long-datedstock having a maturity of 15 years or longer and then of up toone billion stg of medium dated stock of seven to 15 years inmaturity.    The remainder of the gilt-edged funding program would bemet by traditional tap offerings of stock via the governmentbroker.    To protect the buyers of the newly auctioned stock, theBank has agreed to establish a so-called fallow period, a28-day period during which it agrees not to issue any new stockof the same type, and it will not necessarily resume sellingthe stock once the fallow period expires.    In the event that prices offered for the stock to be soldare substantially out of line with market conditions, the Bankwill agree to take the stock onto its own books.    The bank would then be free to sell the stock during thefallow period but not at a price below the minimum tenderprice.    The Bank also said that at least initially, auctions willbe alloted on a bid price basis, a system under which biddersare allotted stock at the price which they bid.    However, the Bank said it reserves the right to limit anymoney market maker from buying more than 25 pct of a singleauction. The Bank is widely believed to be concerned aboutpreventing a single market maker from cornering a stock todrive the price up.   The Bank has repeatedly signalled its intention to preventdealers from cornering the market in a stock, issuingadditional stock, on occasion, to end a market shortage.    The Bank has also agreed to publish information about theauction results as soon as possible after the sale is complete,which is widely expected to be on the same day.    Information to be released will include the amount of stockallotted in terms of both competitive and non-competitive bids,and the highest, lowest and average price of the successfulbids. REUTER&#3;