Canada's trade picture has brightenedconsiderably, underscoring economists' predictions the sectorwould post a long awaited recovery this year.    The federal government reported today that the monthlysurplus soared to 1.25 billion Canadian dlrs in February,double January's 623 mln dlrs surplus and sharply higher thanFebruary 1986's 189 mln dlr tally.    "Hopefully it's the beginning of a trend," said RichardsonGreenshields of Canada Ltd economist Susan Clark in Toronto.    Economists generally don't expect such large gains over thenext months, but are looking for an upward trend throughout theyear.    "We thought the trade balance would improve ... over theyear, and it certainly looks as if this morning's figure isindicative of that," commented economist James Donegan at theToronto securities firm of Midland Doherty Ltd.    Statistics Canada reported the surplus was driven by a 23pct gain in automobile product exports to a record 3.2 billiondls in the month.    "Recovery in the automotive sector helped push the value ofexports up by 5.9 pct in February," the agency said in itsmonthly report.    Total exports expanded to 10.44 billion dlrs from 9.85billion dlrs in February, while imports slipped to 9.19 billiondlrs from 9.23 billion dlrs.    Economists have predicted the 1987 trade surplus would endup three to five billion dlrs higher than last year's dismal10.1 billion dlr total. In 1985 the surplus was 17.48 billiondlrs.    Money market analysts said the positive trade news touchedoff a modest rally in the Canadian dollar, which rose to 76.85U.S. cts on North American markets early this morning afterclosing at 76.58 cts Wednesday.    The currency was hovering around 76.78 cts in earlyafternoon trading.    Economists have been banking on an improved tradeperformance this year to stimulate an otherwise sluggishCanadian economy.    Money market analysts said the positive trade news touchedoff a modest rally in the Canadian dollar, which rose to 76.85U.S. cts on North American markets early this morning afterclosing at 76.58 cts Wednesday.    The currency was hovering around 76.78 cts in earlyafternoon trading.    Economists have been banking on an improved tradeperformance this year to stimulate an otherwise sluggishCanadian economy.    They say the country's consumers, who have been spending ata torrid pace in recent years, will sharply curtail outlaysthis year and this should help curtail the flow of imports intothe country.    Meanwhile, demand for Canadian exports in the UnitedStates, by far the country's largest market, is expected to bestrong as a result of a projected rise in American consumerspending and the relatively low value of the Canadian currency.    "We maintain what's going to drive Canada's exportperformance is income growth in the U.S.," said Midland'sDonegan.    But at the Bank of Nova Scotia, deputy chief economistWarren Jestin was less optimistic about the U.S. outlook andsaid it could be a mistake to read too much into February'strade upturn.    Jestin said, "Given the fact the U.S. economy is showingsigns of weakening--particularly car sales--it would indicatethat part of the strength (in Canada's trade figures) isprobably transitory." Reuter&#3;