The sliding value of the U.S. dollarmay soon force the Organization of Petroleum ExportingCountries to raise its oil benchmark price, setting the stagefor prices as high as 22 dlrs a barrel by yearend, topexecutives with U.S. oil companies said.    The current benchmark price of 18 dlrs a barrel wasestablished by the Organization of Petroleum ExportingCountries (OPEC) at its December meeting when the cartel set a15.8 mln barrel per day production ceiling.    But the continuing weakness of the U.S. dollar, thecurrency used by OPEC for its oil sales, is making the 18 dlrprice difficult to sustain, said Fred Hartley, chairman ofUnocal Corp &lt;UCL>.    The U.S. dollar has fallen in value by about 10 pct sinceDecember and has fallen by a total of about 40 pct during thepast two years.    Hartley told Reuters he expected significantly higher oilprices this winter and would not rule out the potential for 25dlrs a barrel by the spring of 1988.    "I think June will be the critical month to see what theydo," said Hartley, who was in Houston to attend the WorldPetroleum Congress. OPEC has scheduled a regular meeting inJune which some experts believe is likely to revive suggestionsthat oil should be priced according to a basket of worldcurrencies instead of the U.S. dollar.    E.H. Clark, chairman of &lt;Baker Hughes Inc>, said the Saudikingdom's need to generate revenues -- rather than greaterworld demand -- would drive any price increases.    "The Saudis have made committments and have a balance oftrade based on receiving 18 dlrs a barrel for this oil. But theU.S. dollar won't buy as much as it did five or six monthsago," Clark said in an interview. "I'm betting on the Saudiking's need to sustain revenues."    Clark predicted that world oil prices would top 22 dlrs abarrel by January one.    However, the authoritative Middle East Economic Surveyreported yesterday that Saudi Arabia would not seek to increaseOPEC oil prices unless oil demand showed strong growth.    Saudi sources told the newsletter that the policy was basedon the longterm need to restore the competitive position ofOPEC oil against other energy sources.    Many oil industry experts are forecasting a modest increasein world oil demand averaging one pct annually during the nextfew years.    Michel Moreau, a director of the &lt;Elf Aquitaine Group>,said he believed the worldwide oil industry had reached aconsensus that prices of at least 20 dlrs a barrel werenecessary to cover exploration costs, royalties and taxes onnew production.    The 20 dlr level will be reached this year only if thecash-strapped nations of Nigeria, Egypt and Gabon refrain fromdiscounting oil prices or increasing production levels, Moreausaid.    "I think if more than two (OPEC nations) defect, theproduction agreement will fall apart," he said. "But thisthreat is the Saudis' big stick to keep producers in line.Nobody wants a repeat of the collapse that occurred in 1986."    Lawrence Rawl, chairman of Exxon Corp &lt;XON>, told Reutershe expected prices would remain at 18 dlrs through the end of1987, adding that 20 dlrs a barrel was a possibility.    Other major companies are taking a more cautious view ofprices, fearing that some OPEC members may yet upset thecartel's production agreement.    "This is a year of testing," said Alfred Munk, manager offoreign affairs at Amoco Corp. (AN). "If they fail, there maybe a price decline to about 14 dlrs a barrel."    French-owned Total CFP's vice president Pierre Vaillaudsaid, "Demand is not going up very quickly, at best maybe onepercent a year. You can't change the price with just one pct,"Vaillaud said. Reuter&#3;