Prospects for world economic growth remainvery sluggish, and coordinated action by western governments isurgently needed to restore business confidence, stabilizecurrencies and encourage investment, the Organization forEconomic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said here.    "The economic situation has deteriorated in recent months,and ... Slow growth, high unemployment and large paymentsimbalances are likely to persist," it said in one of itsgloomiest reviews of the world economy in recent years.    The gross national product (GNP) of the 24-nation bloc ofwestern industrialised countries is forecast to grow by only2.25 pct both this year and next, even slower than last year's2.5 pct growth rate.    "We would like to see the aggregate for the OECD areacomfortably exceeding three pct," David Henderson, head of theOECD's economics and statistics department, said.    The OECD said that the dollar fall had led to risinginflation expectations and higher interest rates in the U.S.,Combining with world trade imbalances and the huge third worlddebt problem to increase the risks of a world economicdownturn.    "At the same time, many of the conditions for faster growthremain favorable," it said, citing low inflation in most majorcountries, healthy corporate finances, generally lower interestrates, improvements in state budget positions and more flexiblelabor markets.    But private sector confidence had been undermined byuncertainties over exchange rates, it said, and warned that "forconfidence to be restored, it is important for governmentsswiftly to implement internationally-agreed commitments."    This was a clear reference to last February's Louvre accordof the Group of Five nations plus Canada, analysts said.    The OECD said that apparent disagreements among majorcountries on implementation of the Louvre accord had helped toundermine business confidence, and called on more active fiscalpolicies from the U.S., West Germany and Japan to slow demandin the U.S. And raise it in the other two countries.    Henderson said the 6,000 billion yen package announcedrecently by the Japanese government to encourage public worksand cut taxes would make a significant contribution to thisprocess, though it was too early to estimate its preciseimpact.    He said the measures will help strengthen Japan's domesticdemand significantly, quite possibly exceeding one pct of GNP.    The inflation outlook, while broadly satisfactory, hasworsened in recent months, with OECD consumer prices forecastto rise 3.5 pct this year and 3.75 pct in 1988 after a 2.8 pctincrease in 1986.    There is no prospect for any significant improvement in theunemployment situation over the next 18 months, with theaverage rate expected to stabilize at 8.25 pct, similar to lastyear.    The OECD called for efforts to liberalize worldagricultural markets through switching farm subsidies away fromprice guarantees and other measures linked to productiontowards direct income support for farmers. Reuter&#3;