Unilever Plc &lt;UN.A> and NV group reportedimprovements in margins and underlying sales volume growth offive pct in 1986 after stripping out the effects of fallingprices, disposals and currency movements, Unilever Plc chairmanMichael Angus said.    He told reporters that volumes in North America increasedsome 10.5 pct while European consumer goods rose about 2.5 pctafter being flat for some years.    Much of the disposal strategy, aimed at concentratingactivities on core businesses, had now been completed, henoted.    But the process of acquisitions would go on, with strategicacquisitions taking place "from time to time," he said.    The company earlier reported a 20 pct rise in pre-taxprofits for 1986 to 1.14 billion stg from 953 mln previously.In guilder terms, however, profits at the pre-tax level droppedthree pct to 3.69 billion from 3.81 billion.    Angus said the recent purchase of Chesebrough-Pond's Inc&lt;CBM.N> for 72.50 dlrs a share was unlikely to bring anyearnings dilution.    However, it would not add much to profits, with much of thecompany's operating profits paying for the acquisition costs.    Finance director Niall Fitzgerald added that while gearing- debt to equity plus debt - rose to about 60 pct at end 1986from 35 pct last year, this was expected to drop back to about40 pct by end-1987.    The same divergence was made in full year dividend, withUnilever NV's rising 3.4 pct to 15.33 guilders and UnileverPlc's increasing 29.9 pct to 50.17p, approximately in line withthe change in attributable profit.    Angus said the prospectus for the sale of parts ofChesebrough was due to be published shortly. However, he saidthat there was no target date for completing the process.    He also declined to say what sort of sum Unilever hoped torealise from the operation, beyond noting that Chesebrough hadpaid around 1.25 billion dlrs for Stauffer Chemical Co, whichoperates outside Unilever's core activities.    In the U.S., Organic growth from the Lipton Foods business,considerable expansion in the household products business andin margarine had been behind the overall sales increase.    However, he noted that the U.S. Household products businesshad turned in a planned loss, with fourth quarter performancebetter than expected despite the anticipated heavy launch costsof its Surf detergents. Reuter&#3;