Texaco Inc chairman Alfred DeCrane saidthe company anticipates that the Texas State Supreme Court willagree to hear its 10.3 billion dlr legal battle with PennzoilCo &lt;PZL> over ownership of Getty Oil.    "We expect that the Texas Supreme Court will hear our case,will heed the voices of impartial third parties and willultimately reverse this unjust decision and thus provide thesimple basic justice that Texaco has asked for all along,"DeCrane said in a speech at a meeting of the InternationalAssociation of Drilling Contractors.    DeCrane said he expected the Texas State Supreme Court tooverturn a State Appeals Court ruling that found Texacounlawfully interfered with Pennzoil's 1984 plan to acquireGetty Oil.    "This case has become much more than a quarrel between twocompanies," DeCrane said. "It presents a far broader threat toour economic system and to justice in America as we know ittoday."       Settlement talks between the two oil companies to resolvethe billion dlr lawsuit reportedly stalled earlier this yearwhen the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed a friendof the court brief in support of Texaco.    The agency claimed Pennzoil violated SEC rule 10B-13 whichprohibits the purchase of shares privately at the same time atender offer is outstanding.    DeCrane also said concerns expressed by 19 state attorneysgeneral in the legal proceedings also favored Texaco'sposition.    "The bottom line is that the SEC had intervened to insurethat its rule are interpreted properly in the interest ofmillions of private stockholders around the country who mightsome day find themselves the victim of this same kind ofmanipulation," DeCrane told the oilmen.    He warned that if the state appeals court judgment wasupheld in Pennzoil's favor, it would "send out of statebusinesses fleeing from Texas in droves."    Texaco filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S.bankruptcy code last April after a state appeals court upheldPennzoil's 10.3 billion dlr judgment.       Texaco's appeal of the decision to the Texas State SupremeCourt has been pending for several weeks and the court isexpected to decide soon whether it will agree to review thelower court ruling.    If the Texas State Supreme Court does not hear the case,Texaco has said it will take its case to the U.S. SupremeCourt. Reuter&#3;