The Securities and ExchangeCommission's entry into the battle between Texaco Inc andPennzoil Co &lt;PZL> could affect the outcome of the 10.3 billiondlr legal saga, some analysts said.    Texaco today said the SEC would file a "friend of thecourt" brief on the tender offer rule as it pertains to thecase. Some analysts construed this as positive for Texaco sincethey said it is alleged by Texaco that Pennzoil violated therule, and the issue was not thoroughly addressed in lower Texascourts.    Texaco's stock rose 1-1/2 to 39-3/8 and Pennzoil fell fourto 78-7/8. A Pennzoil attorney would not comment. He said theSEC rule, 10b-13, is part of Texaco's argument in its requestfor a Texas Supreme Court case, and that the matter has beenpreviously addressed in court. Pennzoil said it knew of the SECbrief but it did not know whether the brief would support theview of one litigant or be an inquiry and request forclarification of the reasons for two lower state courtdecisions.    Texaco today said the SEC would urge the Texas SupremeCourt to accept the case for review with respect to the issue.    Texaco has alleged Pennzoil violated the rule when it had atender offer for Getty Oil Co outstanding and then made analleged agreement on January 3, 1984, to buy Getty shares.    Analysts said the SEC tender offer rule prevents thosemaking the offer from entering into contracts for the targetcompany's stock. Frederick Leuffer of C.J. Lawrence believesSEC intervention could be meaningful but acknowledged it couldalso have no affect. "If this friend of the court brief ispotent and clearly pro-Texaco, and is taken into account by theTexas Supreme Court, there is a chance the entire judgmentcould be reversed and Pennzoil gets nothing," Leuffer said.    Texaco and Pennzoil have been locked in a bitter legalbattle over Texaco's acquisition of Getty Oil. A Texas courtawarded Pennzoil a record 10.53 billion dlrs in damages, laterreduced by two billion dlrs. With interest, the award nowtotals 10.3 billion dlrs.    Texaco filed for protection under chapter 11 of the federalbankruptcy laws earlier this year. Its action was designed toavoid having a Texas appeals court order it to post a securitybond for the entire amount of the Pennzoil judgement.    Texaco earlier said the SEC will file its brief the week ofJuly 20.    In his comments, Leuffer also reflected the views of otheranalysts who believe are not convinced the SEC will play asignificant role. "The other argument is the court will ignoreit (the SEC brief) as it has all the other friend of the courtbriefs," he said.    Kidder Peabody and Co analyst Marc Cohen said he does notexpect the SEC's brief to change the direction of the case."Everyday, you're going to see something like this," Cohensaid.    Texaco lawyer Jim Sales said it was only logical to believethat the SEC would have sought to intervene in the case if itbelieved the 10b-13 rule was involved. "I think what the marketsensed today is that there is a reminder here for Pennzoil thatthey may reach for the stars and fall on their face," Salessaid. "They (Pennzoil) have won every case in Texas," said JoelFischer of Drexel Burnham Lambert. But Fischer and otheranalysts said SEC involvement may raise questions of federallaw that could help Texaco take its case to the U.S. SupremeCourt if the Texas court does not reverse the lower opinions orrefuses to hear its case.    Analysts said the lower courts did not give much weight tothe 10b-13 issue.    Sales said the point was argued and the courts"acknowledged that it was there but they really ignored thelegal affect of what the regulation required, and we hope wecan correct that misimpression".    Wall Street analysts and arbitragers speculated on manypossible outcomes. One arbitrager said there was concern thatTexaco and Pennzoil could settle for a lower sum than demandedby Pennzoil.    "The SEC stepping in on this issue as an amicus curiae(friend of the court) has a lot of arbitragers a little bitdisturbed," said Cohen.    "What you're seeing is a continual chess game. Every slightmove down the road could have a multiplying effect," he said. Reuter&#3;