The Bundesbank is trying to keepmonetary policy tight in order to counter inflationarytendencies, Bundesbank Vice-President Helmut Schlesinger wasquoted as saying.    "We are trying to keep the monetary framework tight, so thatinflationary pressures cannot develop," he told the FrankfurterNeue Presse daily in an interview.    "Central bank money stock does not have to be reducedbecause of this, but it must continue to grow modestly," hesaid.    Bundesbank spokesmen were not available for comment.    On Thursday Schlesinger said in a contribution to theHandelsblatt daily that the accommodative monetary stance inWest Germany caused by outside pressures could not determinepolicy in the long term.    The improvement in West German terms of trade, providingroom for non-inflationary expansion of domestic demand inexcess of output growth, put the overshoot of central bankmoney stock in a more positive light, he said on Thursday.    Central bank money stock, the Bundesbank's main monetarymeasure, was growing at an annual rate of 7.3 pct in March,above the 1987 three-six pct target range.    Money stock overshot the 3.5-5.5 pct 1986 growth target.    Schlesinger told the Frankfurter Neue Presse that the phaseof falling prices was over in West Germany.    Prices might still be lower on a comparison with theirlevel one year earlier. But the cost of living index has risento 120.7 in March from its November 1986 low of 120.0,expressing a slight rise in prices, Schlesinger said.    In March the cost of living was steady against February but0.2 pct below March 1986.    Schlesinger said a rise of between one and 1.5 pct during1987 would be acceptable, and effectively mean price stability.    Agreements so far in the current West German wage round areneutral as far as inflation is concerned because of thestrength of the mark, Schlesinger said.    Wage agreements in the public service and engineeringindustry were relatively high in view of the stable cost ofliving. But the higher costs would be compensated for, he said.    "I am thinking above all of the fact that in the course ofthis year we will in all probability have a stronger markagainst other currencies than last year," he said, adding"Without this mark revaluation effect, we would have had to saythat the wage rise agreements were not neutral for prices."    Schlesinger said exchange rate movements had increased thescope for redistributing wealth this year, but this developmentwas unlikely to continue in 1988.    "For this reason I cannot comment on that part of theengineering agreement which covers the coming years," he said.    Some 2.3 mln workers for the public services received a 3.4pct pay rise from January 1. An agreement for four mlnengineering workers raised pay by 3.7 pct from April 1, andthen raises pay by another two pct from April 1, 1988 and by2.5 pct from April 1, 1989. The engineering agreement also cutsthe working week by 1-1/2 hours to 37 hours in two stages. REUTER&#3;