Chrysler Corp's 1.5 billion dlr bid totakeover American Motors Corp &lt;AMO> should help bolster thesmall automaker's sales, but it leaves the future of its 19,000employees in doubt, industry analysts say.    It was "business as usual" yesterday at the American Motorsheadquarters, one day after the proposed merger was unveiled byChrysler and AMC's French parent Renault, according to companyspokesman Edd Snyder.    But AMC's future, to be discussed at a board meeting today,would be radically different as a Chrysler subsidiary than ifit had continued with the state-run French car group as itscontrolling shareholder.    Industry analysts said the future of AMC's car assemblyplant in Kenosha, Wis., and its Toledo, Ohio, Jeep plant wouldbe in doubt if the overcapacity predicted in the North Americanauto industry by the early 1990s comes to pass.    Both plants are far from "state of the art" for carmanufacturing sites, and AMC has a history of poor laborrelations at each.    "Chrysler doesn't need that many new plants," said MichaelLuckey, automotive analyst for the Wall Street firm ShearsonLehman Brothers. "They probably will close the Toledo plant andmove Jeep production to Canada."    Ronald Glantz of Montgomery Securities said that at thevery least, the new owner of the Toledo plant would be able towring concessions from the United Automobile Workers unionlocal representing Jeep workers.    "The UAW won't be able to hold them up for ransom as theyhave AMC because during a down year, Chrysler will haveunderutilized facilities to transfer production," he said.    Analysts said they foresaw no major complications thatwould abort a combination which historians said would be theauto industry's biggest merger since American Motors was formedin 1954.    AMC was in need of a financial savior because of its lossesof more than 800 mln dlrs since 1980 and pressures in Francefor Renault to cut its backing. The company had said it couldnot forecast consistent profitability until 1988 at theearliest.    In announcing the takeover agreement, Chrysler chairman LeeIacocca cited AMC's Jeep division as well as its new 675 mlndlr assembly plant at Bramalea, Ontario, and its network of1,200 dealers as the major attractions.    Analysts reasoned that Chrysler might feel moved eventuallyto sell off or close some of the older plants to cut overheadcosts in view of the new debts and liabilities it would incurin the AMC buyout. Reuter&#3;