Federal regulators said BoydJefferies, who resigned as head of his Los Angeles brokeragefirm, took part in schemes to manipulate the price of a stockand in a stock "parking" plot with inside trader Ivan Boesky.    In a civil complaint filed in U.S. District Court in NewYork, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Jefferiesagreed with an unidentified person to have his firm buy up alarge chunk of stock being issued in a public offering.    Under the agreement, the firm, Jefferies and Co, drove theprice of the stock up by one-eighth point by buying four blocksof the stock at or near the close of trading, the SEC said.    Jefferies and Co's purchases of the unidentified stockaccounted for 66 pct of the total trading volume of the stockon that day and were aimed at manipulation, the SEC said.    The complaint did not identify the company whose stock wasbeing traded, but said that the Jefferies and Co purchases tookplace sometime last year when another unidentified company,which owned a controlling interest in the company, sold severalmillion shares of the stock in a secondary public offering.    The stock purchases were made on the New York StockExchange and the Pacific Stock Exchange, the SEC said.    The person who made the alleged stock manipulationagreement with Jefferies was also not identified.    But the person was later billed by Jefferies and Co in aphony invoice marked for investment banking services for theexact amount the firm lost on the deal when it later sold thestock on the open market, the SEC said.    The payment, the amount of which was also not revealed inthe complaint, was made later by another unidentified personafter Jefferies sent a second invoice for a lesser amount, theSEC said. The firm recorded the payment as "other income," itsaid.    William McLucas, associate director of enforcement at theSEC, declined to say why the agency decided against revealingthe identities of other persons and companies involved in thestock manipulation scheme.    "We just made a determination that this was the way to goat this time," McLucas told Reuters.    The complaint went into far greater detail in its chargesthat Jefferies agreed with Boesky to "park" stock at eachother's firms. Parking, or warehousing, stock, refers to dealswhere stock is held by one person or firm under an arrangementwhere it is actually under the control of someone else.    Under the agreement between Jefferies and Boesky, Jefferiesand Co would hold stock owned by Seemala Corp, one of Boesky'sbrokerage firms, for 31 days, after which Seemala would "buy"the stock back, the SEC said.    Seemala realized all gains and sustained all losses on thestock held by Jefferies and Co during the period, agreed tocompensate Jefferies and Co for carrying the stock and to paymore than twice Jefferies and Co's usual commission, it said.    Seemala then agreed to hold stock owned by Jefferies and Cofor a month under terms about the same as the deal in whichSeemala agreed to park its stock at Jefferies and Co, it said.    The agreement, which violated several securities laws,allowed Seemala to create a false appearance that no longerheld the stock and could meet the SEC's net capitalrequirements, the SEC said.    Jefferies wanted Seemala to hold some of its stock, the SECsaid, so that Jefferies and Co could meet its net capitalneeds, the agency said.    On March 12, 1985, Seemala "sold" Jefferies 810,000 sharesoc Cooper Laboratories Inc for 11.7 mln dlrs, 600,000 shares ofSouthland Financial Corp for 17.3 mln dlrs and 500,000 sharesof G.D. Searle and Co for 27.1 mln dlrs, it said.    On March 20, Jefferies and Co "sold" Seemala 185,500 sharesof American Broadcasting Co for 19.6 mln dlrs, 210,000 sharesof Ideal Basic Industries Inc for 2.9 mln dlrs, 300,000 sharesof ITT Corp for 9.8 mln dlrs, 105,000 shares of PhillipsPetroleum Co for 4.0 mln dlrs, 70,000 shares of Pioneer Corpfor 2.1 mln dlrs and 300,000 shares of Texas Oil and Gas Corpfor 5.3 mln dlrs, the SEC said.    The value of Seemala's stock at the time of the transferswas 56 mln dlrs, while Jefferies and Co's stock was worth 43mln dlrs at the time, the SEC said.    Within a month, Seemala and Jefferies and Co unwound mostof the stock transfers with each others firms, the SEC said.    But a major hitch developed in the deal when the price ofSearle stock, which Jefferies and Co was holding for Seemala,dipped sharply, it said.    On March 26 Seemala "bought" back its Searle stock for 23.4mln dlrs, resulting in a 3.6 mln dlr loss for Jefferies and Co,the SEC said. Seemala then allowed Jefferies and Co to "buy"back some it the stock Seemala was holding for it at a 647,812dlr gain and Boesky's firms later paid the Jefferies firm threemln dlrs, which it called "fees," it said.    Among the violations Jefferies committed in the schemes,were net capital, record keeping, public disclosure and marginrequirements, the SEC said.    Under the settlement of the civil SEC's charges, which wasannounced simultaneously with the filing of the complaint,Jefferies and his firm did not have to admit or deny guilt.    But they agreed to a court order barring them from furthersecurities law violations.    Jefferies also agreed to get out of the securities businessfor at least five years. Reuter&#3;