American Telephone and Telegraph Co'sproposal to deregulate its long distance phone service isunlikely to produce a radical change in phone rates, but itshould help the company's profits, analysts said.    "Deregulation will mean more pricing discounts for largevolume users, but status quo for residential users," saidPaineWebber Group analyst Jack Grubman.    But the proposals will scrap the pricing formula that hasconstrained the company's profits in the long distancebusiness, leading to higher profit margins, analysts said.    ATT has long pushed for deregulation of its long-distancebusiness, the profits of which have been limited by a regulatedrate-of-return on the company's investments. The rate was cutlast year to 12.20 from 12.75 pct.    Earlier today the company proposed to the FederalCommunications Commission to scrap the formula, cut the amountof time needed to approve rate proposals, and leave it up toits competitors to oppose it filings.    MCI Communications Corp &lt;MCIC> made a similar filingyesterday, saying greater the moves would increase competitionin the telephone business.    Analysts said the proposals will allow ATT to cut costs inthe long-distance unit, and increase its profit marginspreviously constrained by the rate of return. But many saidthey did not expect the proposals to lead to higher prices inthe industry, simply because of the competition the phoneindustry giant faces.    "You probably wouldn't see as much of a price decline,"said Gartner Group analyst Fritz Ringling. "But you wouldn'tsee a rise." Grubman said the proposals will allow ATT toselectively raise or lower prices, depending on the market. "Itwill give ATT a lot more flexibility," he said.    ATT now faces a period of comment in which a number ofcompanies will be able to respond to the proposals in FCChearings.    It may face at least one strong opponent, U.S. Sprint, thelong distance joint venture between GTE Corp &lt;GTE> and UnitedTelecommunications Inc &lt;UT>.    "We think the Congress of the FCC should establish areasonable rate of return. Someone should establish it," a U.S.Sprint spokesman said. But he added the company was not opposedto greater competition.    It may also take some time for the proposals to go through,and in the process they may be altered by the variousconstituencies affected by the move.    "There's so much complexity, so much inertia, so muchbureacracy, that stricly speaking about the mechanisms, itwon't happen that fast," said analyst Victor Krueger of theGartner Group. Reuter&#3;