Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L> isresisting attempts to merge two Japan-based telecommunicationsfirms in the hope that overseas political pressure will force achange in those plans, a company executive said.    Cable and Wireless, which holds a 20 pct stake in one ofthe two Japanese firms, is opposed to plans to reduce its shareto three pct in the merged firm, director of corporate strategyJonathan Solomon told reporters.    That plan, put forward by a senior member of the powerfulbusiness organization Keidanren with the tacit backing of thePost and Telecommunications Ministry, has caused a storm ofprotest from abroad that Japan is seeking to exclude foreignfirms from a meaningful position in the market.    Pacific Telesis Group &lt;PAC.N> of the United States alsoholds a 20 pct stake in one of the newly formed consortia,&lt;International Digital Communications Inc> (IDC).    Solomon said that both British Prime Minister MargaretThatcher and U.S. Secretary of State George Schultz havewritten to the Japanese government about the planned merger.    A key U.S. Senate committee, Commerce Secretary MalcolmBaldrige and Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter have alsoexpressed opposition to the merger, he said.    The Post and Telecomunications Ministry reiterated againthat it sees no need for two competitors to &lt;Kokusai DenshinDenwa Co Ltd>, which holds a monopoly on international callsfrom Japan. The ministry has also suggested that foreignshareholders not hold managerial positions in the new firm.    In an attempt to hammer out an agreement, Solomon today metFumio Watanabe, the senior Keidanren officer trying to arrangethe merger. But the two sides remained deadlocked.    At stake is C and W's 400 mln dlr project to lay fibreoptic cables between Japan and Alaska, to form part of itsglobal network.    "C and W wants to start right away on the project, such asapplication and other procedures," said Watanabe, who is alsochairman of &lt;Tokio Marine and Fire Insurance Inc>. The Japaneseside is saying that the decision on such a plan should be leftwith the new firm, after the merger.    "These decisions (on the merger) were made in considerationof Japan's economic conditions and legal systems. I told him weare not a colony or something," said Watanabe. Reuter&#3;