U.S. trade representative ClaytonYeutter said that if Congress were to require traderetaliation, it would only close markets and would result inless trade.    In remarks prepared for an address to members of theUniversity of Chicago's Graduate School of Business, Yeuttersaid many Congressional proposals do not appear to be overtlyprotectionist, yet their undeniable effect would be to closeoff market opportunitites, just as exchange rate movement isunleashing such opportunities for the first time in severalyears.    "Despite all our progress on trade policy and despite thePresident's comprehensive competitiveness initiative, there aremany in Congress who still are supporting trade billscontaining many dangerous provisions," Yuetter said.    Yeutter said many countries would prefer U.S. retaliationto opening their own markets. "We should be intelligent enoughto not let them off the hook that easily," he said.    He said that tough but flexible legislative language isinfinitely preferable to tough but inflexible language.    Both House and Senate trade proposals place undesirablelimits on Presidential discretion, he said.    "Limiting the President's ability to consider all availableoptions on issues as sensitive as these would be most unwise,"Yeutter said. "That could readily provoke retaliation, whichwould unneccesarily embroil us in trade wars, injuring mostcompetitive export industries."    Yeutter said present U.S. trade laws are fundamentallysound.    President Reagan has threatened or implemented retaliationeight times in the last 18 months -- most recently in the caseof Japanese semiconductors being dumped in world markets.    "He took these steps as a last resort, only after carefullyanalyzing all the contingencies on a case by case basis andonly after determining that such actions would open markets toAmerican exports", he said.    Yeutter said it would be foolish to attempt to solve theU.S. trade deficit by focusing on trade policy alone. He addedthat the trade deficit was created primarily by macroeconomicpolicy shortcomings here and abroad. Reuter&#3;