More than two mln tonnes of surplus maizedotted across Zimbabwe in huge piles is posing an economicheadache for the country.    The grain, Southern Africa's staple, has been bought by theGrain Marketing Board (GMB) at prices guaranteed before it wasplanted, and is costing the GMB about 27 mln dlrs a month instorage and interest payments to make the purchases.    Accumulated over the past two years of bumper harvests, thesurplus represents about two years of domestic consumption andis set to grow as further deliveries are due shortly.    Some deals have been made with aid donors, such as Europeancountries and Australia, to provide Zimbabwe with wheat inreturn for maize sent to neighbouring Mozambique, where theUnited Nations has urged greater world efforts to feed thehungry.    But transport constraints keep those figures low and theonly significant dent was a sale of 250,000 tonnes to SouthAfrica last year.    Because of the costs it has incurred, the GMB cannot affordto give the maize away and the standard 90 kg bags have beenaccumulating, economists here said.    But failure to find buyers on glutted world grain marketsis damaging Zimbabwe, as it needs foreign exchange to financeimports for other areas of the economy, the economists added.    "At present, it is a no-win situation. Let us hope some ofthe extra aid (UN) Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellarcalled for at the weekend will be spent here," a Western aidspecialist said.    "At least this year's poor rains haven't exacerbated thesituation too badly," he added. Rainfall during the currentrainy season has been far below average, ravaging all but theirrigated lands of large commercial farmers.    While this may curb the amount of maize delivered this yearto the GMB, the government also acted late last year to slashmaize production and force diversification.    Calling for a switch to other crops such as oilseeds,Agriculture Minister Moven Mahachi said an economically-viableprice of 180 dlrs a tonne would be paid this year for only halfthe amount of maize bought by the GMB in 1986, and above thatgrowers would be paid an unprofitable 100 dlrs.    The poor rains have also adversely affected other crops,such as sorghum, soybeans, groundnuts, tobacco and cotton, theAgriculture Ministry reported at the end of February. Reuter&#3;