Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F> supervisoryboard chairman Karl Gustaf Ratjen said entire data tapes hadbeen erased and complete programs altered in forgedtransactions amounting to around 480 mln marks.    "In this case a degree of criminal energy has been broughtinto play which until now was unimaginable in a German company,"he said in a radio interview.    He could not completely rule out the possibility thatlosses would exceed 500 mln marks, but said there werecurrently no signs that they would be higher than the 480 mlnannounced on Tuesday.    Some 70 to 80 mln marks had probably been lost throughdisregard for internal instructions, he added, but did notelaborate. However, the remainder had definitely been lostthrough criminal action and forgery in 1984.    Ratjen said the affair would lead to consequences up to theboard room. He would recommend that those under suspicion ofbeing involved in criminal acts would have to go immediately.    Those who had not exercised checking functions sufficientlywould also have to go.    But Volkwagen management board chairman Carl Hahn was notinvolved in the affair, he said.    A Volkswagen spokesman said the company had made sufficientprovision in previous years to cover the losses from the fraud.Its 1986 profit would, therefore, match 1985 world group netprofits of 595.6 mln marks.    Volkwagen disclosed the existence of the fraud on Tuesday,saying it was possible that documents about currency hedginghad been falsified and that those responsible may have comefrom outside Volkswagen and may have been assisted by companystaff.    Criminal complaints on suspicion of fraud, breach of trustand forgery of documents had been filed, it added.    The company spokesman said the supervisory board would meeton April 9 to examine the precise extent of the losses and toapprove the year-end results.    Ratjen said it was important for Volkwagen to maintain adegree of "internal integrity" on account of its 200,000employees, particularly as shop floor elections were coming up.    "On the one hand one fights for every single mark of income.And here is a case where hundreds of millions are being justthrown away," he added. Reuter&#3;