The Asian Development Bank (ADB) willnot change its decision to admit China as a member despiteprotests from founder member Taiwan, bank president MasaoFujioka said.    China's admission in March 1986 and the decision of thebank to change Taiwan's name to 'Taipei, China' caused aTaiwanese boycott of the ADB's last annual meeting in Manila.    Fujioka told Reuters in an interview that Taiwan had beeninvited to the bank's 20th annual meeting starting April 27 inOsaka, "but the situation remains the same."    "The bank's board agreed to change Taiwan's name to 'Taipei,China'," Fujioka said.    "We have tried to maintain our channels of communicationthrough the Taiwanese director, but we are not negotiating witha view to changing our agreement with China," he said.    ADB figures show China has the largest shareholding amongthe bank's developing members, with 7.2 pct of its equity.    Fujioka said a stalemate also continued with Vietnam, whichcomplained at last year's meeting that for several years theADB had unilaterally stopped advancing loans.    An ADB spokesman said the last loan of 40.67 mln dlrs wasmade to the then Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam) in 1974.    Vietnam said last year that only 23 mln dlrs of that loanwere disbursed.    The bank's 1986 annual report said of 11 loans approved forVietnam, eight had been closed, two were suspended and only onewas under administration at the end of 1986.    Cumulative disbursements to Vietnam at the end of 1986totalled 25.3 mln dlrs, or 99.5 pct of the total amount ofeffective loans, the report said.    "The situation (in Vietnam) is not conducive to bankoperations," Fujioka said. "Vietnam continues to be a member. Wewould like to help it, but new loans seem to be difficult."    "It's not a question of political instability, theenvironment has to be right for banking operations."    He said with the first loans made to India in 1986, andlending operations in China scheduled to start this year, theADB had now acquired a "truly Asian" character.    Although China's finance ministry had gained five years ofexperience in borrowing from the World Bank, ADB loans would berouted through the country's central bank, Fujioka said.    "It's been a very slow start," Fujioka said. "We identifiedthree projects (in China). One disappeared and we now have onlytwo left."    He said the ADB might lend China between 200 and 300 mlndlrs in 1987 for an investment bank and an energy project.    He did not foresee an expansion of lending to India.    The ADB in 1986 approved two loans to India totalling 250mln dlrs.    "There is a sort of agreement that our loans to India shouldbe modest and that the World Bank should be the major lender,"Fujioka said. He did not give details. Reuter&#3;