West Germany's capital marketliberalization program has stalled and bankers are worried itmay take years for further reforms to be completed.    Liberalization got underway in May 1985 when foreign banksreceived Bundesbank permission to lead-manage mark eurobonds.    Further moves included introduction of mark-denominatedcertificates of deposit last year. But other changes, includingrevisions in the domestic options market and introduction offutures contracts, need lengthy statutory changes and this maytake years, bankers and dealers say.    Deutsche Bank AG co-chairman F. Wilhelm Christians calledlast week for an enlargement of current capital marketinstruments to include instruments already standard abroad.    He said these are needed especially when prices fall,citing declines in West German share prices in the first twomonths of this year when stock indices fell about 20 pct.    Others are more blunt. Securities dealers say the lack ofviable hedging instruments for shares and bonds makes tradingin domestic markets too risky.    "We need a stock index futures contract, and a futurescontract for recent government bonds," one dealer said.    West Germany now has options contracts on about five pct ofshares and bonds traded on exchanges here, covering only about30 pct of the average traded volume, stock market sources said.    Options can only be written on the original 14 bondsselected when bond options were introduced last April. The mostrecent bond on the list was issued in 1985.    There are no futures exchanges in West Germany. Germanbanks may participate in futures exchanges through branchesabroad but these are at least outwardly subject to stringentWest German rules requiring that every contract be secured on aone-by-one basis with a separate hedge, to prevent speculation.    Another problem is a lack of liquidity in the existingmarkets, owing to lack of private investor participation.    Private individuals and corporations do not engage inoptions trading now due to West Germany's civil and exchangelaws, which define losses made in futures and options businessas gambling losses, which investors need not pay back.    Options business has been hurt by lack of liquidity frompension funds, which currently are forbidden to invest in theseinstruments. But they are to be allowed to enter the businesssoon as the European Community begins to harmonize rulesgoverning funds.    Manfred Laux, general secretary of the West German mutualfunds association in Frankfurt, said harmonized rules are to beadopted by October 1, 1989 at the latest.    The push to adopt new instruments has not been great in thepast, owing to wide-spread belief they are speculative, whichgives them a bad name in West Germany. But pressure for theirintroduction here is growing.    The start-up of a Swiss futures exchange has some bankersconsidering if a similar exchange would be useful in WestGermany. They say that without innovations, some business coulddrift to London, which the Bundesbank vehemently opposes.    An official at the London International Financial FuturesExchange (LIFFE) said the exchange currently has no plans tointroduce more mark-denominated contracts beyond the existingmark-dollar contract. But he said the exchange is studying thefeasibility of other contracts, including one for three-monthmark interest rates and possibly a government bond contract.    A Bundesbank capital markets expert said the Bundesbank hasno objections to hedging through futures but any liberalizationin that sector is still in the early planning stages afterearlier talks ended two years ago.    Considerations about the futures business have been drawnout because of the large number of participants involved intalks. They include parliament, the Bundesbank, the FederalBanking Supervisory Board, eight West German stock exchangesand their governing states, and the four West German bankingassociations.    Beyond options and futures, other changes being suggestedinclude replacing the federal government's current bondconsortium with an auction procedure similar to one beingconsidered in the U.K. And already in practice in the U.S.    This would upset the existing market order providing Germanand foreign banks in the consortium with fixed quotas but itwould eliminate the misallocations some bankers say presentlyarise within the fixed consortium quota system.    In addition, some bankers would like the method of bondtrading on the West German stock exchange changed to a systemof continuous price-setting from the current system in whichevery bond price is fixed once a day.    This would make trading more transparent if it reduced theproportion of off-floor interbank bond trading, now some 90 pctof the volume of bond transactions here, the bankers say. REUTER&#3;