Canada will broaden a federal sales taxlevied on manufacturers before scrapping the system in favor ofa broad based, multi-staged sales tax, finance minister MichaelWilson said.     As expected, Wilson did not include a new sales tax systemas part of his wide-ranging tax reforms tabled in the House ofCommons today.    Instead, the federal government will make interim changesto the existing sales tax to make it more fair for low andmiddle income Canadians.    "The present (sales) tax is fundamentally flawed. It is ahidden, arbitrary and capricious tax," Wilson told the House ofCommons.    The existing federal sales tax system hurts the Canadianeconomy by putting more tax on Canadian produced goods thanimported goods and adding a hidden tax on Canadian exports thatmakes them less competitive, Wilson said.     Interim changes effective January 1, 1988 will include:     -- applying the federal sales tax to marketing companiesrelated to manufacturers     -- levying the tax at the wholesale level instead of themanufacturer for a selected range of products     -- applying a 10 pct sales tax to telecommunicationservices, except for residential telephone lines     -- quicker collection of federal sales taxes.     To offset these changes for low income Canadians,refundable tax credits will be increased to 70 dlrs from 50dlrs for adults and to 35 dlrs from 25 dlrs for children, thefinance department said.     Ottawa is considering three alternative forms for a newsales tax, including a goods and services tax, a value addedtax and a national sales tax that would combine existingfederal and provincial levies into one system, Wilson told theHouse of Commons.     He said the federal government will explore thepossibility of one national sales tax with Canada's 10provincial governments. All provinces except Albeta now levy aprovincial sales of tax of varying amounts.     Wilson said one joint system would be simpler fortaxpayers and maximize economic benefits of tax reform.     If Ottawa and the provinces can't agree on a nationalsales tax system, Wilson said the federal government willconsider either a goods and services tax or a value-added tax.     A goods and services tax would apply at one rate tovirtually all goods and services in Canada and would includefurther increases in refundable tax credits for low and middleincome Canadians, the finance department said in documentsaccompanying Wilson's speech.     A federal value-added tax, similar to European taxsystems, would also be broad based but would allow moreflexibility to exempt selected goods and services, thedepartment said. The finance deparment said the main drawbackof a value added tax is that it would be more complex andcostly to implement than the other two proposals. Reuter&#3;