Rising interest rates andprotectionist trade policies had prompted a new push by LatinAmerican nations to win debt relief, regional foreign andfinance ministry officials said here.    Officials of the Cartagena group of 11 debtor nations methere this week to draw up new proposals in reaction to whatthey called a deteriorating world panorama, and Citicorp'sdecision to create reserves against third world loans.    (SEE ECRA FOR SPOTLIGHT HEADLINES)    "We are looking at trade, interest rates and financialflows.....In order to put forward a basis for some permanentsolutions," Mexico's public credit director Angel Gurria said.    Recent developments have led to moves for a summit of LatinAmerican presidents and debate on new solutions.    Ideas include schemes to link debt payments to trade, andproposals for stable interest rates. The latter was proposed ina letter this week from Cartagena to G-7 leaders who are due toattend a summit in Venice this month.    Another idea is to include debt under Gatt negotiations,but Cartegena ministers have yet to endorse any proposals.    Speaking earlier in New York, Uruguay's Foreign Ministerand Cartagena group chairman Enrique Iglesias said Citicorp'sdecision could discourage new lending. But it might helpCartagena's bid to have old and new debt treated separately.    The Cartagena group, which has not met at ministerial levelfor over a year, wants to repay debt contracted before the debtcrisis at the low interest rates prevailing in the 1970s. Itwould pay new loans at current market rates.    "Many countries fear that what they have gained in months ofarduous debt negotiations they can lose at a stroke with a onepoint rise in interest rates," one official here said.    "The new increase in interest rates has come precisely whenwe thought they had still not come down enough," Iglesias said.    Latin American officials are also concerned that varyinginterest spreads granted to different debtor nations couldgenerate discord, as with the Philippines' recent protest atbeing given less favourable terms than Argentina.    There has been speculation Venezuela would demand a cut inits 7/8 pct spread, but public finances director Jorge Marcanosaid here there were no plans to renegotiate terms.    This week's meeting came after three Latin Americanpresidents meeting in Montevideo called for stable interestrates on the region's 380 billion dlr foreign debt. It wascalled to review developments since the last ministerialmeeting in February 1986 and to think up new ideas.    Since the last ministerial meeting there have been someadvances, such as Mexico's growth-oriented 77 billion dlr loanand refinancing package agreed last September. But there havealso been setbacks, like Brazil's payments moratorium.    The loans expected in the Baker plan have not materializedand debtors have been forced to browbeat reluctant banks.    "We have clearly stretched the restructuring process to itslimits and and the question is now where do we go from here?" asenior Mexican foreign ministry official said.    Existing debt strategy has been based on nursing debtoreconomies back to a position where they can again service theirdebts and qualify for new loans.    But after five years of economic adjustment, Latin Americandebtors are currently unable to raise voluntary credits, withthe exception of Colombia. Only Venezuela is paying backprincipal. Most countries have no prospect of paying theirdebts in the foreseeable future.    Citicorp has made clear its decision to move three billiondlrs to reserves does not mean it is writing-off the loans.    Latin American officials here said Citicorp's move wouldprobably boost trading of discounted third world debt in thesecondary market, implicitly downvaluing the amount owed. Butthey said it might make new lending even more remote.    Discounted debt can be bought by foreign investors throughdebt-equity schemes that generate new resources for debtoreconomies. Chile and Mexico are currently front-runners in thisfield, but most Latin American officials see these schemes aslimited and no panacea for the overall problem.    Most Latin officials set greater store on building upexport income than on debt-equity schemes.    Exports hit 97.7 billion dlrs in 1984, cutting the region'sdebt service ratio to 36 pct, but they fell to 78.3 billionlast year. So, even though interest rates had dropped the ratiohardly changed.    The Cartagena group has called for the debt-trade link tobe recognized before, but has not made detailed proposals.    Officials said initiatives discussed here would besubmitted to foreign and finance ministers of the 11 nations,before IMF and World Bank annual meetings later this year. REUTER&#3;