The Bank of England proposed that banksin Britain for the first time will have to seek authorizationto be lead underwriters of new issues in the euromarkets.    In addition, the Bank has proposed limits on the amount ofcredit risk that firms can take on with each new issue theylead manage.    The proposed rules were outlined today in a consultativepaper on large credit exposures taken by recognized banks anddeposit takers and may be modified, the Bank said.    The rules could affect billions of dollars of eurobondsecurities issued each year. In 1986, about 183 billion dlrs ofnew eurobonds were offered, according to figures compiled byEuromoney magazine.    Up until now, there have been no restrictions on leadmanaging eurobond issues.    However, eurobond market participants believe the Bank ofEngland is concerned about intense competition for market sharewhich may have caused some firms to expose themselves toimprudent credit risk.    Competition for market share has been a boon to issuers asbanks compete to offer the best terms. But the new rulessuggest that some constraints may be placed on competition asregulators attempt to ensure that no bank takes on more riskthan it can handle. Banking sources said that while the Bank ofEngland is reluctant to inhibit competition, it is willing toaccept some constraints in order to ensure that underwritersact prudently.    "The Bank's assessment of the appropriateness of a bank'slead underwriting activity will depend primarily upon the skilland experience of the lead underwriter in the particular marketconcerned...," the Bank's proposal said.    Once a firm has received permission to act as leadunderwriter, the exposure will be valued at one-sixth of theface amount of the securities. Nominal exposure exceeding 60pct of capital must be reported to the Bank of England and itmust be notified in advance for exposure of over 150 pct ofcapital.    The exposure will be determined to exist for a maximum of28 days following a binding commitment to underwrite. Afterthat, any remaining exposure from unsold securities will beassessed at their full face value.    The rules would not apply to syndicated loan facilities,revolving credits or commercial paper, the Bank said.    The Bank also amended other aspects of plans to strengthenits supervisory powers over banks in the paper, which calledfor comments from professionals by March 31 to allow theirpossible inclusion in the Banking Bill in time for its plannedfinal discussion in Parliament, scheduled before summer.    The new Banking Bill, updating the 1979 Banking Act, is thethird leg of the Conservative government's legislation for thesupervision of financial institutions.    It is to feature alongside the Financial Services Act,aimed to bolster investor protection, and the BuildingSocieties Act, which put these institutions on an equal footingwith banks.    The proposed legislation would abolish distinctions betweenrecognised banks and licensed deposit-takers and tighten legalcontrols, making it a criminal offence to mislead supervisors.    Proposals to require banks to inform the Bank of England inadvance of planned exposures in excess of 25 pct of theircapital, and to have the Bank supervise exposures between 10and 25 pct of capital, were not under debate, the paper showed.    However, preliminary consultations with bankrepresentatives had shown some of the initial proposals to beflawed, it said.    Most proposed changes involved evaluating exposures on acase-by-case basis rather than along general lines.    Amendments involved the Bank's proposed treatment ofexposures by financial institutions acting as banker to otherunits of their own group of companies, the paper showed.    They also regarded the treatment of credit exposure tolocal governments and other public sector entities, and ofexposures undertaken by banks that are subsidiaries of banks.    Proposals on how to value securities given by a debtor ascollateral to a credit were slightly changed, the paper showed.    Exposures taken on by banks acting as creditor within theirown group of companies would usually be looked into on acase-by-case basis under new proposals, it said.    The paper said exposures to state-owned industries andother public sector authorities in the U.K. and abroad shouldbe given the more lenient treatment of credits to governmentsprovided a government gives unconditional repayment guarantees.    It cautioned that exposures to U.K. local authorities andthose guaranteed by the British Export Credit GuaranteeDepartment would probably not qualify for such treatment.    On credits granted by banks which are a subsidiary ofanother bank, an earlier-proposed 100 pct of capital ceilingcould be exceeded in individual cases.    But the parent bank would have to give a formal undertakingto take over the exposure if problems were to occur, and statein writing that the exposure was retained in the subsidiary'sbalance sheet to meet precise group objectives, the paper said.    On collateral security, it said this "should normally onlybe taken into account when considering the acceptability of abank's exposure up to 25 pct of its capital base."    "The presence of security taken on its own will beconsidered by the Bank as an acceptable reason for an exposurein excess of 25 pct, but only in the most exceptionalcircumstances and even then to a very limited extent," it said. Reuter&#3;