Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc saidWednesday its business is booming, despite its inability todistance itself from the insider trading scandal that hasspread rumors and doubts through Wall Street.    "For a company that's supposed to be under siege, we aredoing extremely well. We are exceedingly profitable," aspokesman for the firm told Reuters.    The rumors that have swirled around Drexel, more than anyother broker, have involved concerns that its business will bethreatened by the Federal probe, say Wall Street sources. Thefirm has long been at the leading edge of the mergers businessand had ties to now-disgraced speculator Ivan Boesky.    In the latest chapter of the story, Drexel said that somecommodities firms have begun to limit the amount of businessthey will do with the firm, citing credit risks. Drexel haslong been a powerful competitor in precious metals markets.    But Drexel spokesman Steve Anredder told Reuters thatDrexel's overall business is proceeding normally and thefirst-quarter profit "could be the strongest of anybody on WallStreet."    "I wouldn't say we're not feeling any effect (from thetrading probes)," he said. "But we're doing extremely well."    The firm was among the first to be subpoenaed in thegovernment's wide-ranging probe of illegal trading involvingthe use of confidential company information on Wall Street.    Believed to be under particular scrutiny was Drexel's "junkbond" operation -- the issuance of high-risk speculative debtthat it pioneered for financing corporate takeovers.    "We have done nothing wrong," said the Drexel spokesman."After a thorough investigation, we have found no evidence ofany wrongdoing by the firm or anyone within the firm."    The spokesman said that in the aftermath of the Boeskyarrest, Drexel had not been charged. Nor had any individual atthe firm been charged with illegal acts while employed byDrexel. One of its top merger specialists, Martin Siegel, wascharged in connection with a former job.    Still, more than any other firm on Wall Street, Drexel hassuffered the consequences of the insider trading probe. Tobegin with, there have been a series of brief shocks in thejunk bond market, in nervousness linked to rumors that Drexelmight be in trouble.    At one point, Drexel said Wednesday, a large Midwest bankrefused to allow Drexel-issued bonds as collateral on creditlines. Two weeks ago, the restriction was withdrawn, it said.    The company also was notified last month that the outsideinsurer of Drexel's individual brokerage accounts had decidednot to renew coverage. Drexel has set up its own subsidiaryhandling part of the insurance. American International Groupand a group of British underwriters have handled the rest.    Drexel also appears to have lost ground to others in themergers and acquisition business recently, market sources said.However, Anredder said that there was no sign that Drexel hadlost any customers at all owing to the insider trading cases.But in citing results for the quarter, the company pointsmostly to other areas of success.    Corporate financings have totaled 8 billion dlrs, including3 billion dlrs in new junk bonds in the January-March period,Drexel said. Drexel maintains the lion's share of thislucrative business, trade sources noted.    The market for junk bonds, although jittery, "has ralliedback with a vengeance," Anredder said.    Although they see new competition in the junk bond arena,market sources concur that Drexel remains king of the hill.    While some of the leading Wall Street firms were limitinghead-to-head dealings with Drexel in the commodity markets based on worries over the credit of the company, the Drexelspokesman called this "ridiculous." Reuter&#3;