Stock prices may climb higher today,riding a two-day advance that saw the Dow Industrials climb 85points, analysts said. But they cautioned that the market isdue for a pause after such a strong climb and could move into ashort term consolidation today as well.    Yesterday, the Dow Jones Industrial average closed abovethe 2400 mark for the first time ever. Special situations,airlines and a strong bond market helped push the average up 15points to end the day at 2406. Gainers led losers by seven-sixon the Big Board, while volume slid slightly to 175 mln sharesfrom 213 mln shares last Friday.    "I think we'll get a day that will be, on balance,positive, but not any record setter," Thom Brown of Butcher andSinger said.    Brown said that the market needs a pause before anystronger advance. "We need a bit of consolidation here," hesaid. "Eighty-five points is just too much, too soon."    Brown added that the market probably will not pay muchattention to the February consumer credit number being releasedtoday. "The market's been ignoring fundamentals," he said.    "I don't see any problems with the Blue Chips easing highertoday," Chris Callies of Dean Witter said. But she said themarket may have some short term trouble in this 2400 area."We're still in the midst of a correction" in the broad market,she said. "It's not entirely clear that this rally is the endof the two day correction that began last week."    In the newspapers -- The Wall Street Journal's Heard on theStreet said some people feel that when Mesa Limited Partnershipprovided badly needed assets to NRM Energy in exchange for alarge stake in the company the move may have turned NRM into aT. Boone Pickens investment fund.    The New York Times Market Place column said the first halfhour of trading is becoming more important. That is the timewhen a large amount of important and growing investment fromJapan and Europe enters the market. Indeed, the column saidthat a Salomon Brothers study shows that 44 pct of the market'stotal gain during the first two and a half months of this yearcame in the first half hour of trading. Reuter&#3;