The supervisory board of theEuropean consortium, &lt;Airbus Industrie>, has begun a criticalmeeting to review government funding and airline orders for itsproposed A340 long range jet, Airbus officials here said.    Airbus insists it needs five airlines to firmly committhemselves to the plane before going ahead with the project bythe month's end, the deadline for its launch.    The plane, a four-engined widebodied jet, has so far onlybeen bought by one airline -- &lt;Lufthansa>, which has placed 15firm orders and 15 options for the plane.    But while Air France has said it wants to buy seven of theaircraft, it has not yet formally placed an order. Discussionswith up to a dozen other airlines have not yet resulted inpublic commitments.    Apart from a shortage of orders, Airbus also is facing anuphill struggle persuading its member governments to fund the2.5 billion dlr project, which involves not only the A340 butits sister A330 aircraft, a twin engined, wide bodied mediumrange jet with many identical components.    The British government remains unconvinced that there willbe sufficient room in the world long range jet market.    The West German government is also uncommitted, and iscurrently pressing for a restructuring of the consortium's WestGerman company, &lt;Deutsche Airbus GmbH>, while only the Frenchgovernment appears to be fully behind the program.    Another major factor delaying a final decision on the planehas been the engine which will power it. Airbus agreed lastOctober with &lt;CFM International> that its CFM-56 engine with28,600 lbs of thrust would power the plane. But in December,Airbus announced an agreement with CFM rival &lt;InternationalAero Engine> (IAE) to power a slightly larger version of theA340 with a 30,000 lb thrust high-technology superfan engine.   Airbus has made clear to potential customers that the IAEengine is now the principle engine for the project.  Theincorporation of the superfan engine made the plane on papermore attractive to airlines, but the engine has yet to bedeveloped and CFM International had openly expressed scepticismthat the engine will be ready when the plane goes into service.    The future of the Airbus consortium depends on the rightdecision being made on the A340 in the next few weeks, for itcould find itself severely exposed in the 1990s either bystaying absent from the long range jet market or by committingitself to a commercially unviable project. REUTER&#3;