Japanese-owned Honda AmericanManufacturing Co has exported the first U.S.-built cars eversold overseas by a foreign-owned auto company, a Hondaspokesman said.    The subsidiary of Honda Motor Co Ltd &lt;HMC.T> of Japanshipped 200 of its popular Accord cars to Taiwan earlier thismonth, the spokesman said. The company might also eventuallysend U.S.-made cars to Japan, he said.    The automaker said it would not boost its U.S. imports ofcars from Japan, but instead make up demand for its cars in theU.S. by increasing U.S. production.    The shipment to Taiwan was part of planned shipments toSan-Yan Industries of Taiwan of about 2,000 Accords a year.    Honda said it does not make Accords in Taiwan, and isprevented by Taiwanese import restrictions from shipping themthere from Japan.    Those restrictions were loosened this year to allow importsfrom the United States. Previously no imports of foreign-builtcars were allowed, the spokesman said.    The Accords were built at Honda's U.S. car and motorcycleproduction facility at Marysville, Ohio. Honda in the past hassent motorcycles from Marysville to Europe and Australia, andhas sent cars to Canada.    Honda's U.S. output would have to be adjusted to meetchanging U.S. demand, the spokesman said. He quoted AmericanHonda president Tetsuo Chino as saying, "Honda will notincrease U.S. imports beyond the current level even ifvoluntary export restrictions on Japanese cars are lifted."     Analysts say there are few signs Japan's restrictions will belifted.    Honda might decide by the end of this year whether toexpand its U.S. production, the spokesman said.    Honda said it is considering building either of its two newluxury models--the "Legend" or "Integra"--in the United States.    The Legend and Integra, two models of the company's Acuraline, were introduced last March. If the cars prove popularenough, one of them could be built at the Ohio plant, or at anew factory, the spokesman said.    The spokesman said it is possible Acuras built in theUnited States could be shipped back to Japan. However, he saidthat decision has not yet been made, and would follow thedecision to build the cars in the United States.    If demand for either one of the two cars reaches 100,000vehicles a year, Honda could decide to build the cars in theU.S., the company said.    Sales of the Integra through February have outpaced theLegend--35,768 against 29,824--but the spokesman said Hondaexpects sales to "lean more heavily toward Legend" this yearbecause a two-door Legend has been added to the line.    Reuter&#3;