Commodities from gold to grains tocotton posted solid gains in a flurry of buying today as lossesin the U.S. dollar and rising interest rates kindled fears ofinflation and economic instability.    Gains were most pronounced on the Commodity Exchange in NewYork, where gold jumped 12.40 dlrs and closed at 436.50 dlrs atroy ounce, and silver 22.5 cents to 6.86 dlrs a troy ounce.    A key factor behind the advance was anticipation thatinflation will be the only way for the major industrial nationsto halt the slide in the value of the U.S. dollar, said SteveChronowitz, director of commodity research with Smith Barney,Harris Upham and Co., in New York.    The dollar tumbled one day after top finance officials fromthe seven largest industrial nations reaffirmed theircommitment to support its value, and despite reports ofintervention by the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, traders said.    Traders said it appears that the industrial nations, knownas the Group of Seven, lack the ability to change the long-termdirection of the currency markets.    "Maybe they have some ideas or plans," said Chronowitz. "Ifthey do, it's not evident."    "It looks like there's no cure but to let the free markettake values to where they should be.    "One way or another, we will force our major tradingpartners to stimulate their economies," as a measure to correctthe mounting U.S. trade deficit, Chronowitz said.    "I think the markets believe, and have believed for a longtime, that the only recourse is to reflate at some point. It'sgoing to be a long and tedious process, but that's what'shappening," he said.    The falling value of the dollar makes U.S. commoditiescheaper for foreign buyers, stimulating demand.    At the same time, traders who are holding stocks and bondssaw the value of their investments falling and many are turningto commodities such as precious metals as a hedge, said MartyMcNeill, a metals analyst in New York with the trading house ofDominick and Dominick.    The reaction in the metal markets reverberated throughoutthe commodities markets, as grains, livestock, and cottonposted broad gains.    Traders at the Chicago Board of Trade said attention in thegrain markets has shifted from concern about burdensomesupplies to the outlook that a lower dollar will stimulateexport demand.    After the close of trading, the Agriculture Departmentraised its estimate for grain imports by the Soviet Union bytwo mln tonnes from the month-earlier report.    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies posted sharp gains on theChicago Mercantile Exchange, while live cattle were moderatelyhigher.    Analysts said several factors boosted hog prices. They saidhogs haven't been making the weight gains that are normal atthis time of year, and farmers have been too busy with fieldwork to market animals. Reuter&#3;