Chrysler Corp's proposed acquisition ofAmerican Motors Corp is valued at about 1.55 billion dlrs,including the cost of acquisition and the 767 mln dlrs inAmerican Motor' debt that Chrysler will assume, analysts said.    They said Chrysler's cost of acquisition was valued at  782mln dlrs, paid in cash, notes and Chrysler shares.    The analysts told Reuters that at a New York briefingChrysler treasurer Fred Zuckerman outlined his company'sagreement with Renault to assume AMC's debt as well as 332 mlndlrs in unfunded pension liabilities, though the latter is notincluded valuing the transaction.    Analysts were generally positive on Chrysler's proposedpurchase of its much-smaller rival, but said they expected thetransaction would carry with it a short-term dilution inChrysler's earnings.    A Chrysler financial source, speaking anonymously, toldReuters that the proposed purchase price was smaller than itwould have been had a deal been struck last year because theimpact of the new U.S. tax law removes Chrysler's ability toassume AMC's large reserve of tax-loss carryforwardsaccumulated from its losses since 1980.    "There were very serious discussions last fall but wedidn't pull it off," the source said in a reference to theassassination in November of former Renault chairman GeorgesBesse.    "It's too bad because the tax benefits fell on the floor.And Renault could have gotten a much better price if we'd doneit before the end of last year."    In addition to AMC's debt and its pension liabilities, thesource said Chrysler would also assume any liability fromlawsuits over the safety of Jeeps, which he called "an overhangto the company."    Analysts quoted Chrysler officials as having told them thatthe deal includes payment to Renault of 200 mln dlrs principalin the form of a 10-year note at eight pct interest, 35 mlndlrs cash for Renault's equity in AMC's finance subsidiary, 25mln dlrs in cash for "transaction fees" in connection with theacquisition and 522 mln dlrs worth of Chrysler stock to be paidAMC shareholders.    "The big number is the 767 mln dlrs in debt assumption,"analyst Jack Kirnan of Kidder Peabody and Co told Reuters.     Moody's Investors Service Inc said it may downgrade 12billion dlrs of Chrysler Corp and unit debt due to the deal.     But the Chrysler source said that in assuming AMC'sliabilities, his company will refinance at a lower rate any AMCdebt that is being carried at "non-market" rates.    He said there were difficulties in negotiating with theprevious Renault management on the acquisition because theywere committed to the group's business plan of which AMC was anintegral part.    "The new management didn't have that problem - AMC wasn'ttheir baby," he said. Reuter&#3;