Pessimism over the effects of aprolonged dry spell on the coming Bahian temporao cocoa crop isrising with trade forecasts generally in the 2.0 mln to 2.5 mlnbag range against 2.5 mln to 3.0 mln a fortnight ago.    Trade sources told Reuters from the state capital ofSalvador that despite scattered rains since mid-February, whichbroke a six week drought, plantations have not picked up ashoped and very little cocoa is expected to be gathered in thefirst three months of the May/September crop.    The sources said arrivals from May through July might onlyreach around 600,000 bags whereas in normal years a figure of1.0 mln to 1.5 mln bags might be expected.    Arrivals from then should start to pick up sharply as podsfrom current flowering are gathered. However, the sources noteda late temporao is always more susceptible to pod rot, whichflourishes if conditions turn cold and humid, and which is morelikely from late July on.    This year's crop is doubly susceptible because poor pricesmean farmers were not encouraged to invest in fertilisers andinsecticides and are also unlikely to treat against pod rot.    A severe attack of pod rot can cause the loss of over500,000 bags in a very short period, one source said.    Because of the increased exposure to pod rot damage,estimates of the final outcome of the temporao are extremelyvulnerable and production could easily drop to below the 2.0mln bag mark if the disease hits.    Although flowering was good following the start of therains, pod setting was not up to expectations, possibly becausethe drought had caused a drop in the insect population whichpollinates flowers, the sources said.    However, reports from farms indicate moisture levels arenow generally back to near normal levels and that currentflowering and pod setting is good, which should result inmature fruit from August through September.    The sources said they expect no break in the harvesting ofbeans between the end of the temporao and the beginning of themain crop, which officially starts on October 1.    "The cut-off date is completely artificial. If things gowell from now on we should see heavy harvesting without a breakfrom August through November or even December," one said.    If predictions of a 2.0 to 2.5 mln bag temporao proveaccurate this would be below the 2.7 mln bag average for thepast 10 years. The last poor temporao was in 1984 whenprolonged drought and later pod rot cut production to 1.79 mlnbags, the lowest since 1974.    Good growing conditions the following year produced atemporao of 3.12 mln bags, just below the 1983 3.17 mln bagrecord, while last year's output, which also suffered somedrought damage, was 2.77 mln bags.    Figures for the coming temporao might be distorted upwardsby the inclusion of undeclared current main crop beans.    The sources said large quantities of beans are believed tohave been undeclared from this year's record total harvest andthey were unsure how much of this would be unregistered by theend of the official crop year on April 30.    Recent official arrivals figures have been swollen by theinclusion of beans which had been delivered previously to portwarehouses but not declared.    Because of the high turnover of beans this year,significant amounts have deteriorated because they were storedtoo long at the back of warehouses. Some of these are expectedto be held for mixing in with early temporao arrivals.    With official arrivals figures for the 1986/87 temporao andmain crops totalling over 6.1 mln bags, and over seven weeksstill to go to the end of the year, the total outturn should beat least a record 6.5 mln bags if all production is declared,the sources said.    This would compare with the previous record set last yearof 6.03 mln.    However, there is no way of telling how many current cropbeans will be declared after the May 1 start of the temporaoand thus the true size of the 1986/87 harvest may never beofficially registered. Reuter&#3;