The Bank of France is likely to cut itsmoney market intervention rate by up to a quarter point at thestart of next week.  This follows a steady decline in the callmoney rate over the past 10 days and signals from the FinanceMinistry that the time is ripe for a fall, dealers said.    The call money rate peaked at just above nine pct ahead ofthe meeting of finance ministers from the Group of Fiveindustrial countries and Canada on February 22, which restoredconsiderable stability to foreign exchanges after several weeksof turbulence.    The call money rate dropped to around 8-3/8 pct on February23, the day after the Paris accord, and then edged steadilydown to eight pct on February 27 and 7-3/4 pct on March 3,where it has now stabilised.    Dealers said the Bank of France intervened to absorbliquidity to hold the rate at 7-3/4 pct.    While call money has dropped by well over a percentagepoint, the Bank of France's money market intervention rate hasremained unchanged since January 2, when it was raised to eightpct from 7-1/4 pct in a bid to stop a franc slide.    The seven-day repurchase rate has also been unchanged at8-3/4 since it was raised by a half-point on January 5.    The Bank of France has begun using the seven-day repurchaserate to set an upper indicator for money market rates, whileusing the intervention rate to set the floor.    Sources close to Finance Minister Edouard Balladur saidthat he would be happy to see an interest rate cut, and dealerssaid any fall in the intervention rate was most likely to comewhen the Bank of France buys first category paper next Monday,although an earlier cut could not be excluded.   A cut in the seven-day repurchase rate could come as earlyas tomorrow morning, banking sources said.    They said recent high interest rates have encouraged anacceleration in foreign funds returning to France, discouragingthe authorities from making a hasty rate cut. But they alsopointed out that money supply is broadly back on target, givingscope for a small fall in rates.    M-3 money supply, the government's key aggregate, finished1986 within the government's three to five pct growth target,rising 4.6 pct compared with seven pct in 1985. REUTER&#3;