The Asian Development Bank (ADB)today wound up a three-day meeting which was marked bycriticism of the ADB from both rich and poor member nations.    In speech after speech, the 20-year-old ADB was chargedeither with not doing enough to help countries in the region,or with funding projects which were not worthwhile.    The attacks often, but not always, broke down alongdeveloped and developing country lines.    The former, which provide the ADB with money, generallyemphasized the need for quality projects.    The ADB was not even spared criticism from its host countryand largest shareholder, Japan.    "I am not 100 pct satisfied with the performance of the ADB,"Japanese finance ministry deputy director-general FumiyaIwasaki told Reuters.    He said the Bank had only approved five pct more new loansin 1986 than in 1985. He hoped for a return to the more rapidgrowth rates of earlier years.    "The Asian economy is now changing. The ADB should adaptitself to those changes," he said.    But supporters of the ADB said it already was changing, andIwasaki made it clear Japan welcomed the steps being taken bythe ADB's president Masao Fujioka.    "So far, we have confidence in Mr Fujioka's leadership,"Iwasaki said.    To spur demand for loans, the ADB has restructured itscountry and agricultural departments to enable it to identifythe needs of developing member countries more quickly.    But some delegates said the ADB was putting too muchemphasis on the need to give out more money, and not enough onchecking the quality of the projects involved.    "The success of the Bank should not be measured by thevolume of its lending but by its contribution to thedevelopment process," chief U.S. Delegate Charles H. Dallaratold the meeting.    He said: "Project quality is an area which has attractedattention recently and on which the United States has expressedstrong views. Although over the years the majority of ADB loanshave been sound, we have had problems with some of the projectsbrought before the board of directors lately."    Australia voiced similar concerns.    Australian delegate C. J. Hurford said: "Bad projectsbenefit neither the Bank nor its borrowers. They damage theBank's reputation and ultimately lessen support from donorcountries and capital markets."    There were also criticisms of proposals from developingcountries that the ADB make more of its loans dependent oneconomic reforms in Third World nations.    "We are concerned with the Bank's increasing preoccupationwith dialogue," said India's delegate, S. Venkitaramanan.    "We have expressed our unhappiness with the insistence ofmulti-lateral agencies on global prescriptions," he said. REUTER&#3;