India, which received its firstloans from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in 1986, expects toincrease borrowing this year, an Indian official said.    The official, a member of the Indian delegation at theADB's annual meeting here, told Reuters the bank is likely toapprove three loans totalling between 350 and 400 mln dlrs in1987, up from the 250 mln in two loans in 1986.    The official said negotiations on a 100 mln dlr loan forthe modernisation of the Haldia and Madras ports had beencompleted and only need approval by the bank's board.    The official said an ADB team is now in India for a surveyof the second project involving imports of railway locomotives.He said the bank was also likely to extend a credit line to theIndustrial Development Bank of India.    The ADB in 1986 extended a 100 mln dlr line of credit tostate-owned Industrial Finance Corp of India.    The official said the ADB wants to gradually expand lendingto India. "They (the bank) do not want their traditionalborrowers from smaller countries in the region to getoverwhelmed by (India and China)," he said. China is expected toreceive its first ADB loan this year.    "We are quite satisfied at having opened this new window inborrowing," the official said. "Our projects are being vettedquickly. We have no complaints."    He said the ADB in any case would not be able to matchIndian borrowing needs.    "In fiscal 1986/87 ending June India will borrow two billiondlrs from the World Bank alone," he said.    "That represents the total ADB lending to all its borrowersin 1986."    The official said total Indian development assistance frommultilateral and bilateral creditors is likely to total fourbillion dlrs in 1986/87.    Asked to comment on U.S. Criticism of the quality of ADBlending, the official said: "The ADB is a regional bank andought to have a better understanding of realities in Asia."    "You cannot apply World Bank conditionalities everywhere," hesaid. "The U.S. Cannot impose one yardstick for every country." REUTER&#3;