Exxon Corp chairman Lawrence Rawl saidtotal world energy consumption will continue to grow, but addednew oil discoveries worldwide are slowing down and can notoffset annual production.    In a speech at the World Petroleum Congress here, Rawl saidoil companies would increasingly be forced to turn to enhancedrecovery techniques, very heavy oil and synthetics tocompensate for substantial declines in conventional oilproduction.    "What our current outlook suggests is that total worldenergy consumption will continue to grow steadily in an evermore energy efficient world," Rawl said. But, he added, Exxonprojects that "despite today's ample supplies, the world willalso be facing up to inherent limitations on the availabilityof oil and gas, which currently supplies more than half of theworld's energy needs."    The Exxon chairman told some 1,500 oil executives fromaround the world that some synthetics projects could becomepractical when oil reaches 30 dlrs to 40 dlrs a barrel range inreal terms.    "The question is when and how this will happen," he said."I believe that synthetic projects will not only re-emerge butwill become commercial well below those we were thinking aboutthe last time oil prices moved substantially higher."    Rawl said synthetic fuel would become economic at lowerprices because companies are investigating "a new generation ofideas that promise substantially lower costs" and projectsbegun in the late 1970s, which have since been suspended.    Rawl also said companies must find new and more effectiveways of enhanced recovery from existing oil fields.    "It would be my view that new oil discoveries, even withadvanced technology, are likely to slow down - not reverse -the decline in worldwide oil discoveries," he said. "So it isessential to find a better way to recover more of thediscovered oil from producing fields using chemicals, solvents,heat, and other techniques."    Rawl emphasized that private oil companies need someassistance from government in developing synfuels technology."More importantly, they need to provide a political andeconomic environment that is stable enough to allow thedevelopmental process to function effectively, he said.    Rawl also said stable energy markets serve the bestinterest of producing and consuming nations by allowing bothgroups to plan for steady economic growth.    He did not make any oil price prediction, saying only thatthe economic goals of the U.S. and other nations can only beachieved if world oil prices "stabilize within a reasonablerange."    "Prices must be high enough to meet realistic aspirationsfor income and encourage resource development in the producingcountries, but not so high as to inhibit economic growth inconsuming nations," he said.    The Exxon chairman also criticized "the occasional attemptof consuming nations to try to control domestic oil prices,calling such protectionist measures disruptive to the world oilmarket. Reuter&#3;