Investor Paul Bilzerian said if Pay N'Pak Stores Inc enters into a merger accord with him he willimmediately begin a tender offer for 7.5 mln shares for 20 dlrsper share in cash.    Bilzerian told Reuters he believes his offer is superior toa leveraged buyout proposal disclosed in an announcement by thecompany this morning.    The company said it is evaluating both proposals.Bilizerian said he was optimistic his offer will be accepted ata meeting of the board of directors Wednesday. Officials of PayN' Pak did were not immediately available for comment.     Bilzerian said he has a pool of 150 mln dlrs raised byShearson Lehman Brothers Inc available for the tender and "wemay add a bank to that."    "We've submitted an agreement we're prepared to sign," hesaid. Shares not accepted in Bilzerian's tender would beexchangeable for 20 dlrs in convertible preferred stock.    Asked what would happen if the leveraged buyout group,which the company did not identify, topped his offer betweennow and the board meeting, Bilzerian said he expected anopportunity to respond.    Pay N' Pak gave no details about the buyout group, but didsay the offer was contingent on financing and on an agrreementregarding management's equity participation.    Bilzerian said it was his understanding that the managementparticpation was "nominal."    Pay N' Pak fell 1-1/2 to 19. Arbitrageurs said there wasdisappointment that neither of the offers topped 20 dlrs.    "We were expecting an offer north of (above) 21 or 22dlrs," said one arbitrageur. The leveraged buyout plan was for17.50 dlrs per share in cash and 2.50 dlrs in 13-1/2 pctcumulative preferred stock.    Robert Cheadle, analyst at Montgomery Securities, said "youhave to ask yourself why no one in the industry made a bid."    Scott Drysdale, analyst at Birr Wilson Securities, said thecompany has not made the best strategic moves over the years."They have not done the right things at the right time," hesaid, and as a result earnings per share have steadily declinedsince 1984. The 57 cts per share in earnings reported for thefiscal year ended in February was lower than 1978's earnings,he said. Earnings totaled 5.7 mln dlrs on revenue of 398.4 mlndlrs.    Drysdale said Pay N' Pak has better trained sales peoplethan many competitors, but it competes on price even thoughcompetitors have lower costs. The result is squeezed margins.He noted that there have been no other publicly identifiedbidders stepping forward since the company rejected an earlierBilzerian proposal in mid-April.    Another arbitrageur said it might not be too late foranother bidder to get in the game. He speculated that someonein the same home improvement business might be able to offer adeal for stock that would top both the buyout proposal andBilzerian's plan. Reuter&#3;