Canada's federal governmentwill provide a 350 mln dlr oil industry aid package thatincludes cash incentives designed to cover one-third of acompany's oil and gas exploration and development costs, EnergyMinister Marcel Masse announced.    The aid program will inject about 350 mln dlrs a year intothe oil and gas industry and could lead to more than onebillion dlrs in new investment, Masse told a news conference.    The program will affect drilling done anywhere in Canada onor after April 1, 1987.    Masse told reporters that the government's oil industry aidpackage is aimed at small and medium sized companies.    The aid package, called the Canadian Exploration andDevelopment Incentive Program, will restrict the total paymentsthat any individual company can claim to 10 mln dlrs a year.    Masse said the program will probably generate newemployment equivalent to 20,000 people working for a year.    He said oil industry aid is needed because exploration anddevelopment spending dropped by at least 50 pct since world oilprices fell during the first half of 1986.    Energy Minister Masse said the federal government decidedto provide cash incentives so a large number of non-tax payingcompanies, mainly small Canadian firms, will receive the fullvalue of the incentive. Such companies would not immediatelybenefit from tax benefits, he said.    The federal government also wanted to deliver an aidprogram outside the tax system. Finance Minister Michael Wilsonis now reviewing Canada's tax system and plans to announce taxreform proposals later this spring.    An important feature of the aid program is a decision tolet companies issue flow-through shares, allowing investors tobenefit from the subsidy rather than restricting benefits toonly participating companies, he said.    Allowing flow-through shares under the program will make iteasier for companies to attract investors in exploration anddevelopment, Masse said.    He told reporters his department is still consideringwhether to allow partnerships and other entities to qualify forthe subsidy. Reuter&#3;