Prospects for Tokyo stocks are mixed thisweek with investors trying to figure out the future of theyen/dollar exchange rate and digest the implications of OPEC'slatest accord on crude output and pricing, brokers said.    They said the market should extend the dull trend it hasbeen in since the 225-share index fell rapidly from the recordclose at 25,929.42 on June 17.    It ended at 24,902.72 on Saturday and fell further thismorning to close at 24,707.68 in an uncertain reaction to theweaker yen and the weekend OPEC accord.    Brokers said attention could focus more on the cheaper,less well-known stocks in the exchange's first and secondsections, which were generally showing more resilience. Thesecond section index, in contrast to the first, closed at arecord 2,404.64 on June 26, surpassing the peak set on June 17of 2,401.71.    "Probably shares of companies involved in the domesticeconomy are a good bet," said a broker at Daiwa Securities CoLtd. He said his observation was based on figures showing thatbusiness activity in Japan is booming.    The government said on Friday that department store andsupermarket sales rose 7.5 pct in May from a year earlier,while orders received by Japan's 50 major construction firms inthe same month were up 7.6 pct year on year. Brokers expectedmore such figures, but said many stocks linked to domesticdemand remain overpriced.    "They are hard to find, but companies with an attractiveniche in the domestic economy, unaffected by currencymovements, are the best bet," said a broker at a foreignsecurities house who declined to be identified.    But sharp rises in money supply and voracious domesticconsumption are stirring inflation fears. The consumer priceindex rose 0.2 pct in May from April, the third consecutivemonth on month increase.    Although investors are not unduly worried about inflation,which erodes the real value of stock holdings, they say risingprices arouse concern that interest rates may climb.    The recent market advances have been assuming a further cutin Japan's 2.5 pct discount rate. Such assumptions have nowdied, discouraging investors, brokers said.    If oil prices rise, the stock market in Japan could suffera downturn as higher production costs stir inflation.    But share prices of Japan's oil importing companies mayalso firm, brokers said. "I have never been able to justify thisbecause it should mean that the cost of importing rises," said abroker at Yamaichi Securities Co. "It just always happens."    Export-oriented companies may continue their recent rallyif the dollar climbs against the yen. But prices of many bluechip exporters have risen fast over the last two weeks, makingthem look less attractive, brokers said.    However, if the dollar falls to about 140 or 138 yen, themarket index may rally, brokers said. A lower dollar could dampdown rising capital outflows into dollar investments fromJapan's stock and bond markets, brokers said.    And as the yen/dollar rate is supposed to reflect thebalance of trade between the United States and Japan, a lowerdollar would bring more pressure on Japan to expand its demandfor American imports by stimulating its local economy, brokerssaid.    "If the dollar falls, buy domestic, if it rises, maybe buy afew exporters," said one foreign broker. REUTER&#3;