Chrysler Corp today sold 405 mln dlrsof corporate bonds from its nearly 3.5 billion dlr pension fundto Wall Street investment bankers, vice president and treasurerFred Zuckerman said.    He said this was the first of two planned sales ofcorporate issues from the fund's portfolio. Zuckerman saidChrysler will sell slightly less than one billion dlrs ofcorporates.    "Phase two (the second sale) will be in a month or so," theChrysler executive said, adding that proceeds will be investedexclusively in the equities market.    Before today's sale of corporate bonds, those securitieshad comprised roughly two thirds of the pension fund portfolio.    "After the two sales, equities will amount to 50 pct ormore of the portfolio," Zuckerman said.    "We believe that the equity market has much more upsidepotential than the bond market," the executive said. "Interestrates are not coming down and I would not bet a lot that theywill drop sharply."    He added, "I personally think interest rates may decline by50 basis points at the most this year."    Zuckerman said the 405 mln dlr bond sale was composed of139 separate issues.    "Sixty pct were utilities, 20 pct were issued by foreigngovernments or corporations, and 20 pct were financialinstitutions," he detailed.    The Chrysler treasurer said that the corporate paper hadtypically an 18-year maturity. "The securities were long-term,high-quality bonds, mostly rated AA-minus or A-plus," he said.    Zuckerman said Chrysler sold the corporate bonds at about1.6 pct above yesterday's closing prices for these issues."That showed our portfolio is desirable," he commented.    Corporate bond traders noted that Chrysler's sale occurredagainst the backdrop of a slightly weak secondary market.    They said they believed that Chrysler was sold thecorporates at a large profit because the issues were bought bythe automaker for its portfolio when interest rates were muchhigher.    Chrysler's Zuckerman said his company sold the corporateissues to four large Wall Street securities firms.    He said that Morgan Stanley and Co Inc and Salomon BrothersInc bought most of the bonds. However, Zuckerman declined toname the other two houses.    Yesterday, Chrysler presented four investment bankers witha list of bonds and asked them to submit bids by this morning.    Zuckerman said that Morgan Stanley bought more corporatebonds than any one of the other three houses.    Wall Street sources said they believed First Boston Corpand Merrill Lynch Capital Markets were also in on the biddingfor the corporate bonds. They believed these two firms wereawarded bonds by the carmaker as well.    A spokesman for Morgan declined to comment and referredinquiries to Chrysler. Officials at Salomon, First Boston andMerrill Lynch were unavailable for immediate comment. Reuter&#3;