stockmarket deregulation -- will be heard Tuesday when the Canadiansecurities industry sets off its own fireworks.    Some companies are quickly taking advantage ofderegulation, but more significant moves are likely to be ayear or more down the road, analysts say.    They say most foreign firms will focus at first on bondtrading, debt financing and underwriting, areas in which theyhave experience under the old rules that allowed them toprovide government debt financing and advisory services.    "When they learn about Canada, they might go into retail,"said Carney at Merrill Lynch Canada. "Then they will eventuallyjust start to buy up the little guys. If the bigger boys' pricecomes down, they'll end up taking those ones over too."    Under the new rules, barriers that kept banks, brokeragehouses, insurance companies and trust firms out of each others'businesses will be swept away in favor of wide-opencompetition.    The deregulation, sometimes nicknamed "Little Bang," willallow Canadian banks and other domestic financial institutionsto set up securities units or acquire existing brokerages.    Foreign companies will also be able to form their ownsecurities divisions in Ontario or buy up to 50 pct of aCanadian firm. A year from now they can raise that stake to 100pct. Foreign firms that entered Canada after 1971 can currentlyown no more than 10 pct of a Canadian brokerage.    Deregulation was expected to generate a major shakeout byJune 30, involving mergers of existing firms and buyouts byforeign and domestic financial giants.    So far few deals have become reality, however, despite aswirl of rumors and merger talks. In the heat of deregulationfever, many Canadian investment dealers are demanding up tofour times book value, scaring off prospective suitors,analysts said.    "I would think they (the brokerages) will have to lowertheir asking prices," said financial services analyst JeffCarney at Merrill Lynch Canada Inc., which recently terminatedtalks to acquire prominent Canadian brokerage Burns Fry Ltd.    "I think (a high asking price) is what scared Merrill Lynchaway from Burns Fry," added Carney. "It is just a lot of money.When your asset walks out the door every night, it is difficultto pay that amount of cash."    Carney said another factor in the slow pace of buyouts wasuncertainty about the final deregulation rules, which wereissued and approved only in mid-June.    Most major foreign and Canadian financial players havefocused their deregulation strategy on planning their ownCanadian securities units or buying seats on the Toronto StockExchange, Canada's largest equities market.    Japan's Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Yamaichi Securities Co.Ltd., Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. and Nikko Securities Co. Ltd.recently bought seats on Toronto's exchange, while UnitedStates investment banks such as Salomon Inc. and Goldman, Sachsand Co. have set plans for Canadian subsidiaries.    The few proposed foreign investments in Ontario firmsinclude agreements by New York's Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.to raise its stake in McLeod Young Weir Ltd. to 30 pct from 10pct and by the British firm of James Capel and Co. to acquire aminority interest in Brown, Baldwin, Nisker Ltd.    Several industry watchers predict the flood of foreignacquisitions is likely a year away, when the newcomers becomefamiliar with Canada.    Canadian firms will need such international alliances tocompete in the increasingly global securities market, industryofficials said.    "That is one of the hopes of the regulators, that the changewill throw off one or two Canadian global firms," Toronto StockExchange president Pearce Bunting told Reuters recently.    Canada's six major banks are also expected to proceedcautiously into the securities field.    Analysts said the brokers are too expensive now while thebanks are coping with Brazilian loan problems. Banks will alsofind it tough to merge their cautious, bureaucratic culturewith that of leaner, more free-wheeling securities dealers,they said.    While the banks have been approached by securities firmsseeking merger partners, they have not yet bought intobrokerages, choosing to build securities units from within.    Last week, Royal Bank of Canada, the country's biggestbank, ended merger talks with Canadian broker Wood Gundy Inc.after several months of negotiations.    But analyst Thompson forecast that if one bank finallyacquires an existing firm, "all the other banks will jump in.    "They don't want to be perceived as missing out onsomething," said Prudential-Bache Securities Canada Ltd. analystAlbert Thompson, who believes that brokerages are too expensivea risk for banks. Reuter&#3;