Japan looks likely to allow U.S. Banks toconduct securities business here, a move that will probablycause the barriers separating Japanese commercial banks frombrokerage houses to break down, financial analysts said.    But the timing of the approval remains uncertain, due toconflicting domestic interests.    J.P.Morgan and Co &lt;JPM>, Bankers Trust New York Corp &lt;BT>,Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC> and Chemical Bank New YorkCorp &lt;CHL> are expected to win approval to conduct securitiesbusiness in Japan, U.S. Bank officials said.    "There is no reason for extended delay of approval," oneofficial at a U.S. Bank said. The four U.S. Banks have beenseeking finance ministry approval for months.    To date, Japan has allowed European banks to do securitiesbusiness here through 50-pct owned subsidiaries. As Japanesebanks can conduct securities business in European countries,this was seen as a reciprocal move and did not pave the way forJapanese banks to enter the domestic securities market.    But if U.S. Banks win approval, Japanese banks will presshard for similiar status, since they are not allowed to conductsecurities business in the U.S.    Many U.S. Bank officials expect their applications to beapproved before June. But Japanese banking sources said thedecision will be delayed until next year. A spokesman for thefinance ministry declined comment.    U.S. Bankers will meet with ministry officials for talks onfinancial market deregulation sometime in the next few months.Ministry sources said the talks are likely to be held in Aprilor June.    At the last round of financial negotiations in September,U.S. Officials said Japan's commitment to deregulation wasflagging.    Analysts said the finance ministry has been seriouslyconsidering the U.S. Request since the U.S. Federal ReserveBank of New York approved five new primary governmentsecurities dealers, including two Japanese brokerages, lastDecember.    They said the ministry will have to approve the U.S.Request soon to head off criticism its markets are not as opento foreigners as those of the U.S.    Analysts said Japan has proceeded rapidly with financialderegulation since 1984, but has not touched upon the cleardivision between the securities and banking businesses.    Japanese banks and securities houses have fought hard toprotect their interests, but analysts said the banks arefinding it increasingly difficult to earn money in traditionalfields.    Officials of major Japanese banks said they will payspecial attention to the ministry's reaction to U.S. Bankrequests because approval would accelerate marketliberalization in Japan.    The Japanese bankers hope approval will pave the way fortheir own entry into the domestic securities market. REUTER&#3;