Federal Reserve Board Governor RobertHeller said the U.S. legal and regulatory framework of the U.Sfinancial system needs a complete overhaul so American bankscan be more competitive in international markets.    "It has become abundantly clear that our financial systemmust be overhauled to bring it up to the standard that will berequired if we are to remain the leading financial power of theworld in the coming years," Heller said in a speech prepared fordelivery to a financial services industry conference.    Heller said a patchwork approach to changing the nation'sbanking and financial services laws will not work.    "Instead, a comprehensive overhaul of the entire financialsystem is called for," he said.    Heller said he was encouraged that Congress would take acomprehensive look at reforming the nation's banking laws afterthey enact legislation now pending that would recapitalize theFederal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp and give federalregulators more power to deal with failing banks.    Heller said he liked the concept of the financial servicesholding company, which would allow a bank to exist side by sidewith other financial services companies. He said that would endthe debate on securities powers for banks.    "The holding company may own both a securities house and abank, so that both services may be provided to the samecustomer, subject to safeguards against conflicts of interest,"he said.    Such an institution be in a better position to compete inthe financial services markets around the globe, he said.    Heller said he expects world trade to expand more rapidlythat domestic production and that traditional trade financeshould grow with it.    "It may be time to dust off the old letters of credit and toprepare for an increase in traditional export financingopportunities," Heller said.    But he warned that protectionist sentiments could "kill thegolden goose that is about to provide new profit opportunitiesfor international traders and bankers alike that will benefitconsumers by providing them with cheaper goods." Reuter&#3;