West German Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg said today's meetings of major industrial countrieswould look at ways of strengthening the Paris accord onstabilizing foreign exchange rates.    Stoltenberg told journalists he saw no fundamental weaknessof the February 22 agreement of the Group of Five countries andCanada to keep exchange rates near the then-current levels.    But he declined to say what measures would be discussedahead of a communique of the Group of Seven ministers latertoday.    Stoltenberg and Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl saidthe importance of the Paris agreement, also known as the Louvreaccord, had been underestimated.    Stoltenberg said there is greater agreement now among majorcountries than six months ago, at the time of the annualmeeting of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank,marked by sharp discord between the United States and its majortrading partners.    "There is no fundamental weakness of the Paris accord," hesaid. "We will be looking at ways of strengthening it, but I donot want to discuss that here.    Stoltenberg said the Louvre agreement was working despite a"slight firming" of the yen against the dollar.    And Poehl noted that the dollar/mark parity was unchangedsince February 22 without the Bundesbank having had to sellmarks to support the dollar.    "The Louvre agreement has been honored by the market," hesaid.    Poehl said West Germany had lived up to its side of thebargain in Paris by preparing the way for tax cuts to beaccelerated as a way of stimulating growth.    Poehl said, however, that Japan had not yet fulfilled itspledges for economic stimulation.    "And we will have to see if the United States is able to dowhat they promised in Paris on reducing the budget deficit --and get it through Congress," he added.    Stoltenberg reiterated West German concern about a furtherfall in the dollar, noting that the mark was up 85 pct againstthe dollar and nearly 20 pct on a trade-weighted basis.    "You cannot expect that to go unnoticed in an economy. Andit is not just a German problem, it is a European problem," hesaid. REUTER&#3;