Conditions on the floating rate notemarket appeared to be returning gradually to normal today withprices static to a little better generally, dealers said.    The market was showing limited signs of recovery from thecollapse in trading last night and the calmer tone wasreinforced this morning as the first significant retail ordersfor some time emerged, one senior FRN trader noted.    In fixed rate bonds, the tone was likewise quietly firmerwith euroyen and eurosterling maintaining their recent bullishtrend and activity in dollar straight and ECU-denominated bondsalso picking up slowly.    Although a handful of FRN market makers were expected toremain on the sidelines for the time being, dealers noted atangible return of retail interest from the Far East, luredback by extremely attractive yields and bargain prices.    "We are seeing from Singapore, and from Japan clients keento use up their quotas for purchase of particular instrumentsbefore the end of the fiscal year," the senior trader added.    Any investors not buying to their full limit would run therisk of having that limit reduced next year, he explained.    However, he pointed out that mainly sovereign paper was indemand with U.S. Bank sector paper largely ignored.    Prices of reasonable quality floaters had firmed by anaverage of 10 basis points in early trading but FRN dealerscautioned that the mood was still nervous.    "If prices rise by too much too quickly, everyone is morethan well-aware of the danger the selling could set in again,"commented another FRN market source at a large Japanese house.    The other sector commanding market attention today waseurosterling, which soared in line with U.K. Government bonds.    Both markets were pushed higher by an ebullient pound andrenewed buying by U.K. Institutions following Chancellor of theExchequer's Nigel Lawson's well-received budget yesterday.    "This was definitely a budget for lower sterling interestrates," said a sterling analyst at a U.K. Merchant bank.    "It has been exceptionally well-received by the city, looksgood to foreign investors and we are sure to see a rush to tapthe eurosterling markets now," he added.    News that next year's Public Sector Borrowing Requirementwill be held at 4.0 billion stg from an earlier projected 7.0billion was influential for fixed rate stg investment markets.The government's reduced need to tap the gilt-edged marketswill create a perennial shortage of stock, maintaining upwardpressure on prices, a sterling bond dealer commented.    This could further boost demand for eurosterling bonds, aslong as yield margins remain attractive in relation to gilts --often the case with newer, if not with more seasoned issues.    Bullish predictions on the U.K.'s general economic healthwere also expected to boost foreign interest in eurosterling.    Market sources said attention would now switch tomonitoring the fortunes of the ruling Conservative party inopinion polls ahead of a widely-anticipated general election.    Although several new sterling deals are expected, in earlytrading the only sterling denominated one to emerge was a 30mln convertible deal for British Land Co Plc.    Other new deals this morning reflected the recent primarymarket trend with little activity in dollar-denominated issuesalthough the currency sectors were busy.    Hot on the heels of yesterday's two Canadian dollar issueswas a 75 mln dlr six-year bond for Chrysler Credit Canada,guaranteed by Chrysler Finance paying 9-1/4 pct and priced at101-1/2 pct.    A 15 billion euroyen issue was launched for Associates Corpof North America paying five pct at 102-3/8 pct due 1992. Asimilar euroyen offering was reported to be in the market for aScandinavian borrower. Details were not immediately available. REUTER&#3;