The statement issued today by the Group ofSeven (G-7) industrialised nations has put Japan under greaterinternational pressure to stimulate its economy or face afurther rise in the yen, private economists and analysts said.    They said the communique reflected increased foreignfrustration with Japan's burgeoning trade surplus and itstight-fisted fiscal policies in the past.    Unless Japan implements economic measures included in thestatement, foreign protectionist sentiment would grow and theyen would come under renewed upward pressure, they said.    The G-7 -- grouping the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,France, Italy and Canada -- said in the statement they welcomedproposals announced by Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party(LDP) for extraordinary and urgent measures to stimulate itseconomy and that Japan reaffirmed its intention to further openits domestic markets.    "It's rather unusual that only Japan was mentioned in thecommunique and promised something," said Takeshi Saito, generalmanager of Fuji Bank Ltd's research division. This showed howstrongly other nations want Japan to take concrete andeffective steps to redress its trade surplus, he said.    The statement referred to some details of Japan's proposedeconomic measures, such as early implementation of a largesupplementary budget exceeding those of previous years andunprecedented front-end loading of public works expenditures.    It did not mention any figure for the projectedsupplementary budget but LDP officials have said it will amountto more than 5,000 billion yen for fiscal 1987, which compareswith 2,000 billion provided for the previous year.    "It signalled a clear shift away from the conservativefiscal policies of the past," said Kazuaki Harada, seniormanaging director of Sanwa Research Institute.    For the last five years the government has stuck to atight-fisted fiscal policy in its attempt to stop issuingdeficit financing bonds by 1990.    But mounting foreign pressure for Japan to boost itseconomy, hurt by the yen's extended rise, hurried thegovernment to hammer out a draft economic package and bring itto the latest G-7 meeting.    Harada said Japan should not view expansion of its economyas the result of pressure but as an opportunity to lead worldeconomic growth.    "The Japanese economy has the potential to take a leadershiprole and we should recognize it," Harada said.    If Japan fails to meet such international expectations itwill invite some retaliatory moves, especially from the U.S.,Which may result in a further rise of the yen, analysts said.    The G-7 communique represented a test for Japan'scommitment to domestically-generated economic growth and to amore balanced world trade structure, they said. REUTER&#3;