Fleet Financial Group hopes itsproposed merger with Norstar Bancorp &lt;NOR>, ranked as thelargest U.S. banking merger, can be completed by the beginningof 1988, according to an executive of Fleet.    Robert Lougee, director of corporate communications forRhode Island-based Fleet, told Reuters the company is exploringthe possiblity of seeking a change in the national trigger datefor the state's reciprocal bank law to Jan 1, 1988 from Julyone. The decision is up to the Rhode Island legislature.    The merger plan was announced in a midday news release thatsaid the deal, worth about 1.3 billion dlrs, would beconsummated July one when Rhode Island barriers to interstatebanking outside of New England come down. "If we can consummatethe deal earlier that would be better for all concerned,"Lougee said. He said to the best of his knowledge a change inthe Rhode Island law would not be a hardship for any otherbanking institution in the state.    He said Fleet is optimstic Connecticut law, which onlypermits interstate banking mergers within New England, can beamended. Fleet owns First Connecticut Bancorp.    If the Connecticut law is not amended in time, Lougee said,an option would be to spin off that unit with repurchaseprovisions.    The New England reciprocal banking laws have excluded NewYork as a means of protecting regional banks from being gobbledup by the money center giants.    Wall Street analysts said the merger accord between Fleetand Albany, N.Y.-based Norstar demonstrates the rapid pace ofinterstate banking mergers since state legislatures begainpermitting regional mergers on a reciprocal basis. The U.S.Supreme Court decided in mid-1985 to permit the mergers.    Fleet and Norstar in a joint statement billed the proposedmerger as "a partnership of two companies." Both will continueto operate existing headquarters after the merger.    Norstar holders will receive 1.2 Fleet shares for each oneof theirs following Fleet's previously announced two-for-onesplit. Fleet shares closed today at 59-1/2, up 1/8, giving thedeal an indicated value of 1.3 billion dlrs.    That topped the proposed merger of Los Angeles-basedSecurity Pacific Corp &lt;SPC> and Seattle's Rainier Bancorpartion&lt;RBAN>. The West Coast deal, announced about four weeks ago, isworth an estimated 1.2 billion dlrs.    Chemical New York Corp's &lt;CHL> acquisition of TexasCommerce Bancshares last year was valued at about 1.2 billiondlrs, making it similar in size to the Security Pacific-Rainerdeal. The California combination of Wells Fargo and Co &lt;WFC>and Crocker National Corp last year was worth 1.1 billion dlrsand there have been several bank mergers in the southeastvalued in the 700-800 mln dlr range.    "It's a merger of equals," said analyst John Rooney ofMoseley Securities Corp. He said Norstar had a book value atthe end of 1986 of 19.63 dlrs per share, while Fleet's bookvalue was 28.02 dlrs.    Rooney noted that Norstar chairman Peter Kiernan is in his60's while Fleet's Terrence Murray is in his late 40's. He saidKiernan would probably head the combined company until hisretirement then Murray could assume the top post.    Analyst Thaddeus Paluszek of Merrill Lynch and Co saidFleet's earnings would have been diluted about two pct in 1986on the basis of the merger terms announced today.    He noted that Fleet has a "teriffic reputation" afterhaving diversified in a number of financial areas. Fleet hasestablished consumer banks in the southeast and is known as aninnovator in securitization of mortgages.    The merged banks would have assets in excess of 25 billiondlrs and be one of the 25 largest banks in the U.S.  Norstaroperates in most of New York state but not in New York City.    Lougee said at some point in the future banking operationsthat both Norstar and Fleet operate in the state of Maine wouldbe combined.    The agreement between Norstar and Fleet includes a"lock-up" option designed to deter other acquirers. Eachgranted the other an option to purchase authorized but unissuedshares amounting to 24.99 pct of the fully diluted sharesoutstanding. Reuter&#3;