Rising imports of Japanese-made cars andelectronic goods may upset West European officials, but theygenerally seem prepared to stay on the sidelines in the latesttrade row between the United States and Japan.    Japan's huge trade surplus is a sore point in West Europe,as it is in the United States. But U.S. Charges of unfair tradepractices involving computer microchips leave Europeans cold.    The European Community ran a 18.2 billion dlr trade deficitwith Japan last year, and seeks redress when it feels Japanesetrade policy hurts Europeans, diplomats and economists said.    But only in Britain has there been any suggestion of actingwith the U.S. To do something about Japan's huge trade surplus.    "The EC is no more illiberal on trade issues than is theU.S.," said Martin Wolf, director of studies at the Trade PolicyResearch Centre in London. "Basically, their policies are prettymuch the same."    But that did not mean Europe would support the U.S., Orthat the EC would climb on the bandwagon to take advantage ofthe U.S. Dispute to press its own claims, Wolf said.Basically,Europeans have a different approach to trade problems, he said.    "In the U.S., People talk about fair trade, but not here," headded. "In the U.S., It all has to do with the general ethic offree competition, while in Europe, the general approach is thatliberal trade is good because it makes countries rich."    Wolf said this basic U.S. Attitude explains Washington'stendency to impose so-called "countervailing duties" - an importtax designed to offset advantages alleged to be unfair.    In Western Europe, the approach to trade disputes tends tobe to try to reach a settlement through negotiation, Wolf said.    In the latest U.S.-Japan trade row, President Reagan hasthreatened to raise tariffs on selected Japanese electronicgoods by as much as 300 mln dlrs, alleging that Japan hasfailed to abide by a 1986 U.S.-Japan pact on microchip trade.    But the European Community has challenged the agreement asa violation of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT)practices that discriminates against its microchip producers.    "It follows that they're not likely to rally to the side ofthe United States in defence of the agreement," said Wolf.    Although British parliamentarians are pushing for a toughline on Japanese trade issues, government officials in the restof Europe told Reuter correspondents they would let the EC takethe lead in any response to the U.S.-Japan trade row.    A spokeswoman for the EC Commission in Brussels toldReuters there has been no change in the Community's positionsince a March 16 meeting of foreign ministers which sent astrong warning to Tokyo on trade imbalances.    In a statement issued after that meeting, EC foreignministers deplored Japan's continued trade imbalance andappealed for a greater Japanese effort to open up its markets.    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq said afterthe talks there was a growing impatience with Japan in the EC.    Diplomats accredited to the EC in Brussels said they saw nosigns of any immediate intention to impose any broad-rangingsanctions against Japan. The EC is anxious to avoid provoking atrade war, they said.    Instead, the Community is trying to target problem areas inEuropean trade with Japan, including wines and spirits,cosmetics, and financial services, and will continue talking totry to improve the situation, the diplomats said.    In Britain, where the government is angered over thedifficulties telecommunications giant Cable and Wireless hasfaced in its bid to crack the Japanese market, officials saidlast week that retaliatory action is being considered.    But government officials said last night, "We are nottalking about days or weeks. This is going to take time."    They said the government would consider its options at acabinet meeting on Thursday, but added that no final decisionswere expected. The main thing the British would threaten theJapan with is denial of access to London's booming financialmarkets, government officials said. REUTER&#3;