President Reagan today is toannounce a decision on tough new tariffs on Japanese exports toretaliate for what he calls Japan's failure to end its unfairpractices in semiconductor trade.    The 100 pct tariffs are to be imposed on 300 mln dlrs ofJapanese goods recommended for curbs by a special panel ofexperts headed by the U.S. Trade Representative's Office.    Reagan announced last March 27 he would impose the tariffson certain goods taken from a list that ranged from computorsand television sets to power tools and photographic film.    The panel this week winnowed through the list of the some20 products and sent their recommendations yesterday to SantaBarbara, where Reagan is vacationing.    In his March annoucement, Reagan said "I am committed tofull enforcement of our trade agreements designed to provideAmerican industry with free and fair trade opportunities."    He added the tariffs would be lifted once Japan honored thepact it signed last year to end dumping semiconductors in worldmarkets and opened its home market to U.S. products.    U.S. officials said Japan had done nothing since the Marchannouncement to alter Reagan's plan to invoke the sanctions.    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said yesterday:  "wedo not want a trade war, but we feel that this is the kind ofaction that requires meaningful action."    Reagan's move follows steadily rising U.S. trade deicits,with last year's hitting a record $169.8 billion.    About one-third of the deficit is in trade with Japan.    Congress is weighing a trade bill to force the president toretaliate in certain cases of unfair trade practices.    He has opposed the legislation, saying it would preventnegotiated solutions to trade disputes and, in any case, thatexisting law was adqeuate to end unfair trade practices.    Trade experts say his tough action against the Japanese wasas much to penalize the Japanese as to show Congress he did notneed any new trade legislation.    The Japanese have complained that they have been honoringthe semiconductor pact, but that it would take time before theresults showed up.    U.S. officials, however, have said their monitoring ofJapanese semiconductor shipments to East Asian countries andWestern Europe showed no letup in the dumping and that theJapanese home markets remained shut to American exports.    Japan has said that if Reagan imposed the tariffs, it wouldfile a complaint with the General Agreement on Tariff and Trade(GATT).    It said hoped GATT would find the U.S. retaliation hadviolated the regulations of the global trading group and wouldapprove compensation or Japanese retaliation.    U.S. officials have said they did not think Japan wouldretaliate because it had too much to lose in any trade war withthe United States. Reuter&#3;