The Philippine government has quietlyagreed to make token payments of principal in each of the nextthree years as part of its 10.3 billion dlr commercial bankdebt rescheduling package finalized last Friday, bankers said.    Manila will pay foreign banks 37 mln dlrs a year in 1987,1988 and 1989, representing four pct of a 925 mln dlr loansigned in 1985. Amortizations on the loan were not due to beginuntil 1990, but the Philippines agreed to make the extra 111mln dlr prepayment in order to win a relatively low interestmargin of 7/8 pct over Eurodollar rates, bankers said.    Bankers said they insisted on the principal repayments sothat they could justify a margin of 7/8 pct by drawing a directparallel between the Philippines and Venezuela, which won a 7/8pct spread on a 21 billion dlr debt rescheduling package lastmonth.    After the Venezuelan deal was clinched, leading New Yorkbankers hurried to argue that 7/8 pct was the new benchmarkspread for a debtor nation that was current on interest, wasnot seeking new money and was amortizing loan principal.    Previously, the 13/16 pct margin granted to Mexico was seenby debtors as the margin to strive for.    The Philippines, which met the first two Venezuelancriteria but not the third, was adamant that it could notaccept a spread higher than 7/8 pct.    Bankers could not back down either because they would havehad to sacrifice millions of dollars in profits and may havethrown the door open to other debtors, notably Argentina andBrazil, to claim even finer spreads than Mexico's.    In the end, the compromise saved face for the banks. "Thebanks were agonizing how to reconcile this package withVenezuela's. This allowed them to walk out and say, We've keptfaith with the Venezuelan precedent," one source said.    The prepayments, although modest, were not apparentlysomething that the Philippine negotiators wanted to dwell uponas they sought to portray their 17-year rescheduling agreementas better than Mexico's.    Finance minister Jaime Ongpin did not refer to theprepayments at a news conference he held in New York on Fridayto announce the rescheduling agreement.    And an accompanying press release referred only obliquelyto the fact that the 7/8 pct margin will increase to one pct"as long as the Philippines pays amortizations as agreed withthe banks."    The threat of a higher margin gives the Philippines everyincentive to make the extra payments, and the government hasindicated that it will in fact do so, bankers said.    Furthermore, by paying back ahead of schedule some of thelast loan it raised, the Philippines will be hoping to make agood impression on the international banking community.    Ongpin said the country should not have a financing gapbefore the end of next year at the earliest, depending on thesuccess of the Philippine Investment Note issues which areplanned, but some bankers say they are already braced for newloan requests for 1988 and 1989. Reuter&#3;