West Germany will stand firm at next week'seconomic summit in Venice against foreign pressure to followJapan's example of a multi-billion dlr package to stimulate theeconomy, West German officials said.    They conceded Japan's announcement last week of a 6,000billion yen plan to bolster its economy would throw thespotlight back on West Germany, which would face redoubledcalls from its partners to stimulate sluggish growth.    (See ECRA page for latest Economic Spotlights)    This view has already been voiced in Washington, whereofficials spoke at the weekend of behind-the-scenesconsultations with Chancellor Helmut Kohl with the aim ofsecuring a quick pledge to take action on the economy.    Italy's central bank governor Carlo Ciampi has alsocriticized West Germany's reluctance "to utilize its economicpotential" for expansionary policies.    But West German officials said it was virtuallyinconceivable that Kohl would make any concessions in Venicedespite a sharp economic downswing at the start of this year.    "There is just no room for manoeuvre for any economic moves,"said one official, echoing statements by both Kohl and FinanceMinister Gerhard Stoltenberg.    Stoltenberg already has problems finding the cash tofinance a series of tax cuts promised for 1990, and has saidhis budget is now stretched to the limit.    He is reluctantly letting government borrowing rise whilefederal income falls as a result of the tax cuts, which hehopes will stimulate growth and satisfy foreign critics.    "West Germany is exhausting to the furthest possible limitits fiscal scope as far as growth and employment is concerned,"Stoltenberg said last month.    But U.S. Treasury Assistant Secretary David Mulford saidEuropeans and the U.S. Were worried by flagging German growth.    "We and others are concerned about the continued signs ofweakness in the German economy," he said. Other U.S. Officialssaid France shared these worries.    Kohl will go to Venice only days after the publication offigures expected to show that the West German economy actuallycontracted in the first three months of 1987.    West Germany has pledged to review possible measures shouldfurther growth be endangered, but officials say they do notexpect such a review to be necessary.    Bonn says the economy rebounded in the second quarter andit predicts growth of just under two pct for the year.    West Germany's trading partners are also likely to wait inin vain for any further pump-priming from the Bundesbank.    Bundesbank vice-president Helmut Schlesinger made cleartoday the bank would keep interest rates down, but said therewere no plans for a cut in the Bundesbank's key discount rate,which, at three pct, is near historical lows.    Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl also spoke over theweekend of the need for all countries to play a role on theinternational economic scene.    "We have to recognise that there are also limits to economicgrowth in a country like Germany," he said.    This stance was taken by Kohl when he outlined expectationsfor the Venice summit in an interview last week.    Referring to West Germany's program of tax cuts and its lowinterest rates, he said, "With these policies we have made asignificant contribution to growth and to a balanceddevelopment of the world economy."    Kohl expected no new initiatives from Venice, though hereckoned on confirmation of agreed policies, such as a pactmade in Paris in February which sought to stabilize the dollar.    That pact involved a pledge from the United States andJapan, respectively to cut the massive American budget deficitand to stimulate Japanese demand.    Kohl said he would remind both Washington and Tokyo ofthose promises. REUTER&#3;