Enetertainment Marketing Inc and itspresident Elias Zinn have demanded a list of Crazy Eddie Incshareholders from the company and said they may pursue a mergerof the Edison, N.J. electronics retailer.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Zinn said the demand for the shareholder list was made on June26 because he may desire to communicate with other Crazy Eddieshareholders "regarding the affairs" of the company.    Zinn and his firm, which disclosed they hold a 5.1 pctstake in Crazy Eddie common stock, said they may acquire moreshares through a negotiated merger or tender offer.    Entertainment Marketing was informed on June 25 by ShearsonLehman Brothers Inc., acting on behalf of Crazy Eddie, that itwould be provided with "certain information" about Crazy Eddie,it told the SEC.    Entertainment Marketing, a Houston-based firm involved inelectronics wholesaling and televised home shopping sales,proposed an eight dlr a share merger acquisition of Crazy Eddieon May 29, and modified the proposal on June 9 to include thepossible participation of Crazy Eddie management.    Entertainment Marketing told the SEC it expects to meetwith Crazy Eddie representatives in the near future.    Entertainment Marketing also disclosed that it retainedDrexel Burnham Lambert Inc as its financial advisor andinvestment banker.    In light of a June 17 announcement from Crazy Eddie thatChemical Bank would no longer fund a 52 mln dlr credit facilitywith the company, plus further declines in the price of itsstock, Entertainment Marketing and Zinn said they are"continuing to evaluate their alternatives with respect totheir investment" in Crazy Eddie stock.    Depending on its evaluation of the company, includingactions by Crazy Eddie's board and any possible third partybids for the company, Entertainment Marketing and its presidentsaid they may hold their present stake in the company, sellsome of their shares, or purchase more shares on the openmarket, through private purchases or in connection with amerger or tender offer.    According to the SEC filing, Entertainment Marketing andZinn bought their current holdings of 1,560,000 Crazy Eddiecommon shares between May 20 and June 17 at 7.42 dlrs to 7.93dlrs a share, or a total of about 11.9 mln dlrs. Reuter&#3;