U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyngsaid Japanese government officials do not seem to understandthat protectionist sentiment in the U.S. Could lead to anexplosive situation and protectionist legislation.    Speaking to the National Press Club of Japan, Lyng saidprotectionist sentiment in the U.S. Has increased alarminglyduring the last six months.    "It is a radically changed situation and is very explosive.We are on the verge of some very harsh mandatory retaliatorylaws which would have very serious consequences for othercountries, especially Japan," Lyng told reporters.    Lyng's comments about protectionist trade legislationappeared to be a reference to the so-called Gephardt provision,requiring retaliation against countries which have tradesurpluses with the U.S., Trade analysts said.    U.S. House majority leader Thomas Foley, a WashingtonDemocrat, yesterday predicted during a visit here that theGephardt provision will be approved by the House when tradelegislation is taken up later this month.    Senior Japanese officials do not seem to perceive thevolatility of the situation in the U.S., Where Congress isincreasingly unpredictable, he said.    "The purpose of this trip is to emphasise the fact thatpatience is beginning to be very much frayed in Washington. Icannot emphasise that enough," Lyng said.    In talks with Japanese Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Katoyesterday, Lyng and Trade representative Clayton Yeutter askedJapan to begin negotiations on its rice policy and end importquotas on beef and citrus.    Lyng said he was disappointed Kato rejected the U.S.Request but hoped it would not lead to a protectionist responsein Congress, where legislation on rice retaliation has beenintroduced in both the House and Senate.    Lyng said the U.S. Is dependent on Japan as a market forexports because Japan has been the largest buyer of U.S. Farmproducts since 1964, especially grains.    He said the U.S. Understands Japan, with a limited landarea, is concerned about maintaining some level ofself-sufficiency in food for national security reasons.    But he argued the freeing of farm product imports would notnecessarily weaken Japanese agriculture.    Lyng pledged the U.S. Will never again embargo shipments offarm products as it did in 1973. REUTER&#3;