Amalgamated Metal Trading, AMT, todaylodged an appeal against the ruling which prevented itspetition to wind up the International Tin Council, ITC.    The verdict was given by Mr Justice Millett on January 22,when AMT led an effort by ITC creditors to recover sums claimedby banks and London Metal Exchange brokers as a result of thecollapse of the ITC's buffer stock operations in October 1985.AMT had until March 26 to lodge its appeal.    The grounds for the appeal are that the judge erred onthree points when giving his verdict, Michael Arnold, head ofthe broker creditors group Tinco Realisations, told Reuters.    The judge ruled that the U.K. Court had no jurisdiction towind up the Tin Council, that the ITC was not an associationwithin the meaning of the Companies Act, and that thewinding-up petition was not a proceeding in respect of anarbitration award. AMT will contest all three points.    The U.K. Companies Act allows the possibility of thewinding-up of what it defines as an association, and AMT willargue that the Tin Council falls within this definition, Arnoldsaid.    The ITC has immunity except for the enforcement of anarbitration award, and thus it is important for AMT that thecourt accepts that the winding-up petition represents a move toenforce an arbitration ruling.    The court originally decided that the winding-up petitionwent wider than the enforcement of such a debt, an AMTspokesman said.    The appeal is unlikely to be heard for several months, buta case brought by fellow ITC creditor Maclaine Watson is to beheard on April 28. This is a move by the metal broker to have areceiver appointed over the ITC's assets.    Since similar arguments will be used in this case, it ispossible that any appeal in the Maclaine Watson case could beconsolidated with AMT's appeal, Arnold said.    Other ITC creditors have brought direct actions against theCouncil's member states and an application by the governmentsto strike out the first of these, brought by J.H. Rayner(Mincing Lane) Ltd, is to be heard on May 11.    Shearson Lehman Brothers action against the LME's tin"ring-out" in March 1986 is also scheduled to be heard in thenear future. The hearing date has now been put back slightly toJune 8. Reuter&#3;