The shareholders of IllinoisCooperative Futures Co voted to dissolve the 26-year-old firm,the futures trading arm of 85 farm cooperatives, its presidentsaid.    Thomas E. Mulligan, president of the board of directors,said 87 pct of the 61 members voting favored dissolution.    The directors recommended the move, citing falling volumeand higher costs, when it called a special shareholders meetinglast month.    Mulligan said the cooperative would continue operatinguntil April 24, when the member cooperatives will have to beginclearing their futures trades through other companies.    Mulligan said one of the members, Farmers Commodities ofDes Moines, Iowa, was attempting to organize a new cooperativeto replace Illinois Coop as a clearing company.    Sources close to Farmers Commodities confirmed its plans,but Hal Richards, president, could not be reached immediatelyfor comment, and it was unknown how many cooperatives might bewilling to band together.    Industry sources said Farmers Commodities would face adifficult task in setting up a new clearing organization byApril 24, the day Illinois Cooperative will be dissolved.    They would have to obtain commitments from a sufficientnumber of cooperatives to meet minimum capital requirements,obtain trading memberships, and set up the office mechanisms tohandle futures trading.    In the meantime, commercial clearing firms have beencourting the individual coops, trying to obtain their businesswith low trading rates.    If Farmers Commodities is unable to set up a clearingorganization by April 24, individual members will find otherhomes, and they're unlikely to change clearing firms a secondtime, one industry source said.    The demise of Illinois Coop was set in motion by thewithdrawl of Growmark, Inc., the largest member with more than70 pct of the capital stock, according to sources within thecooperative.    Mulligan acknowledged prior to the vote that Growmark hadno need to belong to the cooperative since it became affiliatedlast year with Archer Daniels Midland.    But he said Illinois Cooperative would still have been ableto meet minimum capital requirements without Growmark.    The vote to dissolve the organization was met with "acertain amount of pang," he said. "But in the final analysis,the decision has to be economic, not emotional." Reuter&#3;