French stockbrokers will lose theirjealously guarded 180-year-old monopoly of share trading overthe next five years under reforms announced on Tuesday byFinance Minister Edouard Balladur.    But with the prospect of fresh money flooding into theirseriously under-capitalised share trading business, there werefew signs of regret over the gradual passing of an era.    "It is a question of survival after London's Big Bang," saidprivate market analyst Edouard Cointreau.    Balladur said the long-expected reform of the Boursestructure will progressively allow domestic and foreign banksto buy stakes in stockbrokers' capital, while at the same timebrokers will be allowed access to the money markets.    The project foresees free access to the Bourse by January1, 1992, the date set for the opening of a unified Europeanfinancial market.    The planned reform, expected to be put before Parliamentbefore the end of the Spring session, will open up the capitalof the 45 Paris and 15 regional stockbroker houses in threestages beginning on January 1 next year.    The aim of the move, following the examples of Tokyo andLondon in opening up their tightly-controlled membership, was"to take up the challenge of European financial integration andfierce international competition," Balladur announced.    Cointreau, founder and chairman of the private marketanalysis company Centre d'Observation et de ProspectiveSociales (COPS), said the reform was a natural development.    "The Paris market is rising but that cannot go on for ever.The brokers know it's a good time to sell part of theirbusiness," he told Reuters.    The reform was inevitable given the European Communitydirective, said Ben Williams of Paris brokerage houseFauchier-Magnan. "From a French point of view one cannot be verydisappointed," he said, "but some brokers must be a bit worriedas it is not entirely evident that all brokerage houses areworth a lot of money."    He said that with the expansion of the market generallyhere quality brokerage staff would do very well out of thereforms in salary terms. "But on the whole expertise is not verydeep and the banks already have a lot of such expertise."    Dealers agreed generally that by allowing brokers toreinforce their equity capital, the reform was expected toimprove their ability to take large positions in stocks andbolster the liquidity of the Paris market.    The French Banking Association, grouping domestic andforeign banks operating here, welcomed the reforms. Frenchbanks, which only won direct access to the bond markets lastSeptember, have never been happy with the stockbrokers'continuing monopoly on share trading.    Brokers said it was too soon to say what form links withother foreign brokerage houses and banks might take. "Nobody iswilling to talk about this yet but one can be sure thatalliances have been formed over the past years," Williams said.    Some brokers said the opening up of their capital to bankscould pose questions such as whether the major banks might allaim for stakes in the most prestigious and best-performingbrokerage houses, or whether the smaller houses might betargetted for swallowing up to give banks an easy entry ontothe Bourse.    Individual banks were reticent over likely strategy withtheir future partners. "Discussions will get underway soon butno specific choice (of broker) has been made yet," a spokesmanfor Credit Lyonnais who declined to be named said.    Balladur's project does not touch on dealing commissionsbut many dealers said the question had to be addressed sincecurrent bank commission was higher than that of brokers becausebanks, who cannot deal directly in shares, have to pay a fee tothe broker they use for customer trading.    According to a study by the Bourse official watchdog bodyCOB in January, dealing fees on a transaction in shares for agross total of 1,000 francs were 14.86 pct if the order wasplaced directly by a broker, against 20.79 pct for the sameorder passed through a bank.    Xavier Dupont, Chairman of the Stockbrokers' Association,said the reform would not mean an end to the fixed scale ofcommissions. He said the overall reform would give the Frenchfinancial markets a "dynamic and efficient organisation." But asboth brokers and bankers commented, "let's wait and see." REUTER&#3;