Italy's strong economic revival has ledsome observers to talk of miracles and created euphoria in somequarters about future growth prospects, but many Italianexperts warn that the current wave of optimism is excessive.    "I think all this foreign interest in the so-called Italianmiracle is really exaggerated...Foreign observers alwaysoscillate in the case of Italy between complete pessimism andunwarranted optimism," says Luigi Spaventa, one of Italy'sleading economists and a professor at Rome University.    According to Spaventa, these violent swings of mood havebeen occurring for the last 15 years, with Italy one minuteseen as the "bad boy of Europe" and unable to raise a dollar andthe next a worker of miracles and basking in admiration,    "I think there's a lot of exaggeration...Once it used to bethe underground economy and all the correspondents of foreignnewspapers flocked to Italy to study this. That was anotherstory about nothing - like writing about a black cat in a darkroom."    Spaventa, in tune with other economists and industrialistshere, stress Italy's recent achievements, particularly thedramatic and solid recovery in the fortunes of industrialenterprises, but warns that the economy is still vulnerable.     Profits of private sector firms such as Fiat S.P.A.,&lt;FIAT.M> and &lt;ING. C. Olivetti and C. S.P.A.> are booming, themajor state industries are back in the black after years oflosses, inflation has nosedived and the trade and balance ofpayments deficits have been slashed. Expectations by someexperts that Italy is poised to replace Britain as the world'sfifth largest economy have also boosted optimism.    Italy itself has made it clear it is not happy with what itfeels to be its second-rate status among the majorindustrialised countries.    Only this week, it angrily demanded clarification of thisstatus after being excluded from a meeting of finance ministersfrom the Group of Five (G-5) - comprising the United States,Japan, West Germany, France and Britain.    Italy said its exclusion from the meeting violated anagreement reached in Tokyo last year to let Italy and Canadaattend meetings held by the five whenever discussions concernedmanaging the international monetary system.    But Italy needs first to tackle some fundamental problemsstill facing its economy, economists and industrialists say.    "We must not forget that ours is still a vulnerable economy,"warns Fiat managing director Cesare Romiti.    He says that while Italy's recent achievements are indeedcause for satisfaction and optimism, the focus now should be onthe problems still remaining rather than those already solved.    The country's huge state sector deficit, high unemploymentand a heavy dependence on imported oil are among the mostworrying problems, experts say.    The size of the state spending deficit -- estimated at109,561 billion lire in 1986 and targetted at 100,000 billionlire this year -- means there is a risk inflation could spiralagain, says Carlo Scognamiglio, head of the private Luissuniversity in Rome.    Inflation fell into single digits for the first time in adecade in September 1984 and by January this year was runningat 4.5 pct, but it is still not low enough to guaranteeinternational competiveness, economists and industrialists say.    And unemployment was running at 11.6 pct nationally lastOctober according to the latest official data.    Recent official data showed that of a total 2.77 millionpeople seeking work in October 1986, almost 73 pct were agedbetween 14 and 29. Unemployment in the south was running at17.7 pct, more than double that in the industrial north.    The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development(OECD) recently forecast that Italian gross domestic product(GDP) would rise rise three pct in 1987 after expanding 2.5 pctin 1986. But it warned that growth was unlikely to be enough tocheck rising unemployment.    Another problem is Italy's reliance on imported rawmaterials. The country imports around 80 pct of its fuel needs.    This factor actually worked sharply in Italy's favour lastyear, when lower energy costs helped slash the country's tradedeficit to 3,717 billion lire  by year end from 23,085 billionlire in 1985.    But economists say the improvement owes little to anystructural change in the Italian economy and that any reversalof the trend in costs could have serious consequences.    If Italy truly wants to be counted among the world's topindustrialised nations, it also needs to tighten up stockmarketoperating procedures and encourage firms to supply more qualityinformation about their activities, economists say.    Italy has no controls on insider trading.    The country also needs to shed its rigid capital movementscontrols -- a European Community directive calls for these tobe dismantled by 1992 -- but this too will require a lessblinkered attitude and a change in traditional operatingprocedures, economists say.    "Even today, if I wanted to invest in the Tokyo bourse, Idoubt I'd find the expertise in a brokerage firm or in bankswhich would allow me to do that," says Spaventa. REUTER&#3;