The prospect of renewed assaults onthe dollar might force the United States eventually to unveildistasteful measures to bolster support for its currency,monetary analysts and economists said.    Treasury Secretary James Baker has acknowledged that theReagan administration discussed the possibility of issuingyen-denominated U.S. government bonds to support the dollar.    But he has also dismissed speculation that he was ready totake such an unusual step. Nonetheless, monetary sources saythe issue has been seriously discussed by the administration.    "It is unlikely that we would undertake to do that now,"Baker said last week. "In our view there might well be some whowould view (issuing U.S. yen bonds) as, in fact, a lack ofconfidence by the U.S. in its own currency. And therefore wedon't think it's an appropriate thing to do."    But if the Reagan administration did announce measures,they could be a part of an internationally-coordinated effortto end the instability in financial markets with genuine actionto reduce massive economic imbalances, monetary analystsbelieve.    And, like a currency defense package unveiled by the Carteradministration, issuing yen bonds could be accompanied by arise in the discount rate, now 5.5 pct.    The Federal Reserve has resisted pressure to raise this keyrate so far, chiefly, some Fed officials say, because it couldhurt economic growth. Another concern is the fragileinternational debt situation.    Analysts who expect a currency support package are dividedover its possible timing. Some even believe an announcementcould come this week during a visit to Washington by JapanesePrime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone.    "It would give some real focus to the visit, and it mightsteady the dollar and prevent it from going down," said CharlesTaylor, an analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities.    But monetary sources said they thought it unlikely that theReagan administration would resort to measures which wouldbring to mind the troubles of President Carter.    Until very recently, the current administration has urged alower dollar to help redress its huge trade deficit whileCarter faced a weak dollar as confidence in his economicpolicies collapsed. But today, Washington's policies areincreasingly in question.    The Carter plan was unleashed on Nov. 1, 1978. And it was aresounding success. "This package really gave credibility to theadministration to get the dollar up," said Robert Hormats,vice-president of Goldman Sachs Inc and a former senior U.S.economic in the Carter and Reagan Administrations.    The dollar then stood at just under 1.87 marks and around188 yen. Today it stands around 1.79 marks and 139 yen.    "The problem is now that the administration in rhetoric isevidencing concern about the dollar but in practice is reallydoing very little," Hormats said of statements to support thedollar by U.S. officials.    Several currency traders and foreign central bank officialsthink these statements still fall short of unequivocally sayingthe dollar has declined far enough.    Carter issued 6.4 billion dlrs of mark and swiss francbonds aimed essentially at buttressing pyschological supportfor the dollar but also at attracting foreign investors, whohad lost confidence in the dollar, to U.S. government notes.    The package was supported by a one pct rise in the discountrate, to 9.5 pct, drawings on U.S. monetary reserves at theInternational Monetary Fund and sales of U.S.-held SDRS toother IMF members.     It was also supported by increased Fed currency swap lineswith other central banks and stepped up official U.S. goldsales.    Stephen Axilrod, a former Fed official who is nowvice-chairman of Nikko Securities, said, "I think it's veryunlikely they would do that now."    He argued that it was politically difficult to take actionto support the dollar while Japan and West Germany have stillto fulfill pledges to stimulate their economies.    But most analysts believe a currency support package wouldonly work if genuine economic measures to redress world tradeimbalances are undertaken by the leading industrial powers.    It could coincide with the June Venice summit of leaders ofthe seven major industrial democracies -- the United States,Japan, West Germany, Britain, France, Italy and Canada.    Hormats said he believed the currency has to declineslightly further for a package to have impact. He said theseven nations' Paris Accord to stabilize currencies was forgedtoo soon to fundamentally change market sentiment.    "I think we're nearing a point when they would feel(politically) comfortable doing this," Hormats said.    Many analysts think the administration's reluctance to actfirmly on the dollar has been due to its desire to keep up thepressure on its allies to bolster their economies and for fearof fanning protectionist sentiment in Congress.    But Hormats said "there will be a point at which thegovernment of the United States shows it does give a damn forthe dollar." Reuter&#3;