The Stock Exchange of Singapore (SES)will likely be used to raise more than 1.5 billion dlrs in1987, continuing a long-term bullish trend that began last yearwhen about the same amount was tapped.    Stock analysts and economists said the trend will be helpedby low interest rates and the government's plan to sell 380 mlndlrs worth of shares in state enterprises each year for thenext 10 years, which should attract foreign interest.    One foreign analyst said international fund managers areincreasingly attracted to Asian markets like Singapore.    He said uncertainty over Hong Kong's future had helped theflow of funds to Singapore over the last eight to nine months.    Trade friction between Washington and Tokyo and the highvalue of the yen had also diverted a trickle of funds fromJapan.    But he added, "A slight trickle will have a large impact onthe local exchange."    Economists said the inflow from foreign institutions isdifficult to estimate but it is increasing as the localrecession bottoms out with the help of reduced corporate taxescuts and of lower wage costs.    Tan Soo Nan, director of the Development Bank of SingaporeSecurities Ltd and a member of the exchange, said he expectsSingapore companies alone to tap around one billion dlrs thisyear, but he warned there were some short-term risks.    Corporate earnings in fiscal 1987 ending March fell shortof an expected 20 pct increase over 1986 and a major failurewould dampen sentiment, he said. He added the SES should admitonly companies able to sustain their earnings levels.    But one foreign analyst said any slowing of activity wouldbe temporary and many investors are waiting for the results ofelections in Malaysia later this month.    On the whole, Tan said, the long-term trend remains bullishbecause of the economic recovery, the high growth potential forthe Asian Pacific region and the liberalisation of the Toykofinancial market.    Tan said the introduction of the Stock Exchange ofSingapore Dealing and Quotation System in January and the newgovernment securities market was in keeping with the globaltrend towards debt securitisation and financial deregulation.    Singapore's economic recovery will be more broad-based in1987 and the exchange's strategy should be to build upexpertise in risk and fund management, he said. REUTER&#3;