Conrac Corp, whose board hasrejected a 25 dlr a share tender offer from Mark IV IndustriesInc &lt;IV>, said it is exploring alternatives such as arestructuring, leveraged buyout or takeover of the company.     In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Conrac said its board of directors authorized its financial andlegal advisors to explore a several alternatives to the Mark IVoffer, which it said it considers inadequate.    The alternatives being explored include a restructuring,leveraged buyout or a takeover of the company by anothercompany, Conrac said.    Conrac, which said its board discussed the alternatives atspecial meetings on March 26 and 30, said that its decision onwhether to adopt any of the alternatives would hinge on "thefuture actions of Mark IV" and its unsolicitied tender offer.    Putting into effect any of the alternatives being exploredcould hurt or defeat the Mark IV offer, it said.    Board members were also instructed to keep confidential theterms of any transaction that might be entered into until itbecomes final, the company said.    The board also took other defensive steps, includinggranting severance agreements to some officers, it said.    At a board meeting yesterday, Concac's directors deleted aprovision allowing the holder of at least one-third of of allclasses of its voting stock to call a special shareholdersmeeting and deleted another provision allowing shareholders toremove directors without cause, the company said.    The defensive moves were taken because Mark IV had said itplanned to elect a majority of its designees as directors at aspecial holders meeting if it succeeded in acquring a majorityof the company's common stock in the offer, Conrac said.    Conrac's president, vice president and treasurer were givenseverance agreements, or "golden parachutes," it said.    Under the agreements, Conrac President Paul Graf would geta cash payment of twice his annual salary, which was 209,906dlrs last year, if there were a change of control in thecompany, including acquisition of 30 pct or more of thecompany's voting stock, Conrac said.    Treasurer Joseph Smorada and Vice President JosephO'Donnell, who made 143,325 dlrs last year, would getone-and-a-half times his salary if there were a change incontrol. Smorada's salary was not listed in the SEC filing.    The executives would also get cash settlements of optionsplans and continuation of insurance and other benefits. Reuter&#3;