Failure of talks on re-establishingInternational Coffee Organization, ICO, coffee quotas last weekmay put political pressure on the United States, particularlythe State Department, to reassess its position, but the U.S. isunlikely to back away from its basic demand quotas be set by"objective criteria", U.S. officials said.    Jon Rosenbaum, assistant U.S. trade representative and headof Washington's delegation to the talks, told Reuters on hisreturn from London that the United States is willing to resumethe coffee negotiations as early as April if necessary.    Rosenbaum said the United States will be "flexible" indiscussing the method of establishing objective criteria andany transition to new quotas, but not on the basic aim ofestablishing an objective method of setting quotas.    At the ICO talks major consuming nations, led by the U.S.,proposed that future coffee export quota shares be calculatedby a formula incorporating a producer's recent exportableproduction and verified stocks, while large producers led byBrazil proposed maintaining the traditional ad hoc division ofshares. The consumer position would have in effect reduced themarket share of Brazil, by far the world's largest producer.    Rosenbaum said the administration would continue to supportlegislation now before Congress which would allow the U.S.customs service to monitor coffee imports, as a way to complywith any future coffee quotas.    He said the Reagan administration would be reviewing thecoffee policy situation following the collapse of the Londontalks, but "nobody is proposing we change our position."    However, other U.S. government officials involved in coffeepolicy said they are bracing for a diplomatic and coffee marketoffensive from producer countries, led by Brazil and Colombia,to soften the consumer position.    "Knowing that its next crop is fairly large, Brazil willkind of want to test the resolve of other producers andconsumers," said one U.S. official.    The U.S. official, who asked not to be identified, saidBrazil and Colombia may flood the coffee market in the next fewmonths in an effort to drive down prices and pressure othercountries, particularly the splinter group of small producerswho differed with the major producers in London.    This in turn could lead to urgent appeals from LatinAmerican countries, faced with mounting debt problems, to theU.S. State department, and to the National Security Council inthe White House, for an easing of the U.S. position, U.S.officials said.    The State department, a major player in setting U.S. coffeepolicy, may then face conflicting pressures, particularly frompolitically-sensitive U.S. allies in Central America, U.S.officials said.    El Salvador and Guatemala both backed Brazil and Colombiaat the London talks in resisting pressures for quotas based onobjective criteria. But the Dominican Republic and Costa Ricajoined the splinter group, which said it would agree toobjective criteria.    There is a strong feeling among some in the StateDepartment that the United States should continue to supportthe splinter group of producers who have taken thepolitically-risky step of opposing Brazil on the objectivecriteria question, U.S. officials said.    Within the consuming countries there also is expected to besome pressure to reassess positions.    In London, the U.S. was supported by the U.K., theNetherlands, West Germany, Japan, Australia and New Zealand onthe issue of objective criteria, U.S. officials said.    This bloc represented enough votes among consuming nationsto successfully prevent adoption of the producer proposals.    However, U.S. sources said West Germany's support was attimes qualified and there is some concern that the EuropeanCommunity could come under pressure to be more accommodative toproducers in future talks. France backed the Ivory Coast andother African producers during the talks.    A softening of the EC stance would make it more difficult,although not impossible, for the U.S. to block producer plans.    While political manuevering by small producers andconsuming countries will be important, U.S. officials said thekey to any future outcome will be Brazil's position.    U.S. officials blamed Brazil's intransigence for thefailure of the talks and said a more flexible position fromBrasilia would be the most important step toward agreement. Reuter&#3;