Talks between the United Statesand Japan on alleged Japanese dumping of computer microchipshave failed to head off U.S. imposition of retaliatory tariffs,two senior White House officials said.    President Reagan's chief of staff, Howard Baker toldreporters here that he saw no developments that that wouldcause the president to back away from his plan to issue aproclamation on Friday slapping 100 per cent tariffs on a rangeof Japanese electronic products.    "I assume that there will be a proclamation on Friday,"Baker said.    Reagan's National Security Adviser, Frank Carlucci added,"It looks like a very difficult situation at this point."    Carlucci said that evidence of Japanese "dumping" ofmicrochips had been "fairly conclusive." The alleged dumping --selling abroad at below the cost of manufacture -- is said tohave undercut the technologically important U.S. microchipindustry.    Carlucci also said that although Japanese officials hadpresented statistics designed to show that Japan was openingits markets to American producers of microchips, "ourstatistics do not confirm this."    "Indeed, they tend to go in the other direction,"Carluccisaid.    President Reagan announced on March 27 that he planned toraise tariffs on as much as 300 mln dlrs in Japanese exports tothe United States.    He accused Japan of failing to enforce major provisions ofa September 1986 agreement on preventing microchip dumping andproviding American industry with fair trade opportunities.    He said he would be prepared to lift the sanctions whenJapan took corrective action on these two issues.    The dispute has soured U.S.-Jpanese relations as JapanesePrime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone prepares to visit Washingtonat the end of the month for talks with Reagan.    Last Friday Reagan, answering questions following a speechto the Los Angeles World Affairs Council, said Nakasone hadendangered his political standing at home because of hiswillingess to try to eliminate trade barriers against U.S.goods.    He said he was looking forward to his talks with Nakasoneand "he has been most helpful."    Today Reagan was vacationing at his ranch near here. Reuter&#3;