Debt securities of major U.S. bankscame under light selling pressure in secondary trading on theheels of Standard and Poor's Corp's downgrade of six moneycenter banks late yesterday, analysts and traders said.    But they described market response as muted because the Sand P action came as no surprise. Besides, many participantshad already shied away from bank issues following Brazil'ssuspension of interest payments last month, traders added.    "The downgrades were expected for some time. In fact, youcan argue that S and P is lagging the market," commented onetrader.    On February 20, Brazil said it would suspend interestpayments on about 68 billion dlrs owed to foreign commercialbanks. No date was established for the renewal of payments.    In its action, Standard and Poor's cited the exposure tomajor Latin American debtor countries of Chase Manhattan Corp&lt;CMB>, Chemical New York Corp &lt;CHL>, Irving Bank Corp &lt;V> andManufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC>.    The rating agency also downgraded Mellon Financial Corp&lt;MEL> and Security Pacific  Corp &lt;SPC>, but said this reflectedhigher non-performing assets and weaker operating resultsrather than the international debt problem.    "The S and P downgrades were a non-event," a trader said."Anyone who was caught unaware was not on top of the situationanyway."    Said another trader, "People talked about this before andafter S and P's announcement. There was not much reaction amongbank issues today, though prices are still below par."    Still, market watchers said the action further underminedsentiment for bank paper.    Because of Brazil's suspension of interest payments, U.S.bank paper has underperformed such other sectors as utilities,telephones and industrials, analysts pointed out.    Even though Standard and Poor's affirmed the debt ratingsof Citicorp &lt;CCI>, Bankers Trust New York &lt;BT>, Bank of BostonCorp &lt;BKB> and J.P. Morgan and Co Inc &lt;JPM>, few buyers can befound for securities issued by those banks, traders said.    "Let's face it. Investors believe these banks are alsoexposed to Latin and other debtor countries. And investors buyon perceptions," said one broker.    About the only bright spots in an otherwise dull bankingsector of the secondary corporate market are U.S. regionalbanks and Japanese banks because investors perceive them asless exposed to the debtor nations, analysts pointed out. Reuter&#3;