The Venice summit on June 8-10 is likelyto disappoint those hoping for new policies to whip up flaggingworld growth, according to officials from summit countries.    Worries over protectionist threats and the Third World debtcrisis are also unlikely to be assuaged, they added.    The talks may yield agreed statements on the militarysituation in the Gulf, co-operation in the fight against thekiller disease AIDS or on East-West relations, they said.    But most summit participants have made it clear that majornew initiatives on economic issues must not be expected.    West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl said in a recentinterview that "the translation of previous announcements intopolicy is more important than new declarations and commitments."    The main goal at the summit would be to strengthen existingagreements to secure steady medium term growth and avoid "thedanger of a further devaluation of the dollar" via closeco-operation on economic and financial policies, Kohl added.    Critics challenged this view. They pointed to the worryingbackground of slower growth, especially in Japan and Germany,amid fears about a pickup in inflation in the U.S. Which couldlead to higher interest rates and exacerbate the debt crisis.    The marginal impact that the major shifts in dollar, yenand mark exchange rates have had on the Japanese and Germantrade surpluses and U.S. Trade and fiscal deficits since theSeptember 1985 Plaza agreement was also a cause for concern.    Economists said the recent rise in the dollar was likely tobe quickly reversed in the absence of new commitments inVenice.    But government officials do not expect summit delegations -from the U.S., Japan, Germany, Britain, France, Italy, Canadaand the European Community - to go much beyond restating policygoals enshrined in the February Louvre agreement of Group ofSeven finance ministers and central bankers.    Under the agreement, aimed at halting the dollar's 20-monthdecline and at fostering balanced growth, Japan and WestGermany would work to eliminate their trade and paymentssurpluses in return for a U.S. Pledge to reduce fiscaldeficits.    A 6,000 billion yen package announced by Prime MinisterYasuhiro Nakasone last week went some way towards that goal andappeared to have saved Japan from a widely anticipated summitattack on its economic policies, officials said.    The package, featuring government spending and tax cuts tostimulate demand, drew a cautious welcome in European capitalsbut its reception in the U.S. Was much more enthusiastic.    Treasury Secretary James Baker commented, "Of course,implementation is the key, but this is clearly forward movementtoward fulfillment by Japan of its commitments."    With Japan signalling its willingness to boost domesticdemand rather than rely on exports for growth, the U.S. Andother summit countries were now set to shift their attention toWest Germany and press Kohl for similar action, officials said.    U.S. Assistant treasury secretary David Mulford said therewas worldwide concern that German economic growth has flagged,and the U.S. Would demand that Kohl confirm a commitment thatpolicies would be reviewed if growth continued sluggish.    But West German officials said Kohl would fiercely resistany such pressure. One senior Bonn official said, "There is justno room for manoeuvre for any economic moves."    Finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg has problems findingcash to finance tax cuts promised for 1990, and is reluctantlyletting government borrowing rise, Bonn officials said.    Citing fierce opposition by West Germany and Britain,European officials also ruled out progress on U.S. Plans for amore formal strategy for coordinating economic policies, basedon a series of economic indicators.    The U.S. Wants other Group of Seven countries to agree tohigh level consultations when the indicators, including trade,growth, interest and exchange rates, inflation and fiscaldeficits, show members are not living up to economiccommitments.  But Germany and Britain fear the plan would undermineeconomic sovereignty, and Britain also feels the proposals aretoo complicated and too rigid, officials said.    Recent developments on Third World debt, including moves bytwo of the largest U.S. Banks to set aside billions of dollarsto cover bad loans, will feature prominently in the talks.    U.S. And Japanese officials said they would seek toreactivate the Baker initiative at the summit and renew a callto commercial banks to come up with a "menu of alternatives" torestore some new bank lending to debtor countries.    Officials said there was also scope for agreement on aFranco-British plan aimed at alleviating the burden for theworld's poorest debtor countries through concessionalrescheduling of their sovereign debt at the Paris Club.    The talks would also include plans to dismantle runawayfarm subsidies all summit nations pay to guarantee the incomeof their farmers and secure a share of world markets, theysaid.    The 24 members of the Organisation for Economic Cooperationand Development (OECD) last month supported a gradualdecoupling of farm production subsidies from income support forfarmers.    The U.S., Canada and Britain in particular are keen to movequickly after the OECD breakthrough, officials said.    "What we want is not for treasuries to compete as they donow. We want to see to it that our farmers will be able tocompete in international markets," Canadian Prime Minister BrianMulroney said.    The U.S. Intends to table specific proposals on the issueat GATT, the world trade body, immediately after the summit tosignal that it wants negotiations on farm trade to takeprecedence over the other trade issues included in the new GATTround of talks launched last year in Punta del Este, Uruguay.    "We won't have much tolerance for delay," U.S. AgricultureSecretary Richard Lyng said.    But European officials said they would resist such moves,making an agreement at the summit unlikely. France and other ECcountries insist that farm trade disputes be resolved as partof a wider trade settlement within GATT, they said. REUTER&#3;