New York Stock Exchange chairman JohnPhelan said the stock market underwent a significant correctiontoday but he did not characterize it as a crash. He also saidthe NYSE will open tomorrow on time.    "The market underwent a significant fall and a significantdevaluation of assets of which we are all concerned," he said.    Speaking to reporters, Phelan listed several reasons whythe market fell today. He said stocks have been going up forfive years without a correction. He also blamed inflationfears, rising interest rates, a lower dollar and problems withIran. "All came together in a very nervous market" he said.    "It's the nearest thing to a meltdown that I ever want tosee," Phelan said. Phelan said what he meant by meltdown was asnowballing effect where selling fed on itself.    Phelan said the NYSE is going through its standardprocedures before trading begins tomorrow. Those proceduresinclude checking with member firms on their liquidity, marginpositions, and backlog. "We know of no firm that has asignificant problem, but that could change at any moment," hesaid.    Asked for advice for the average investor, Phelan said, "Wedo not know where the market will end up."    The Dow Jones Industrial average declined a record 508points to 1738.74. Volume was a record setting 605 mln shares,almost double the previous record.    Phelan, in response to a question on declines in foreignmarkets, said he believes there is no loss of confidence in theglobal economy. He added that the underlying fundamentals ofthe U.S. economy are still strong, and that corporate earningsalso continue to be firm.    Phelan explained today's record descent as being the resultof a confluence of factors, including the globalization ofmarkets and the proliferation of new securities instruments.    Those two factors alone have made the market more volatile,he said.    Phelan also said a major factor in the decline was the factthat there has been no major correction in the five-year bullmarket. He also pointed to rising tension in the Mideast Gulf.    The New York Stock Exchange was in constant contact withthe Securities and Exchange Commission about a possible halt inall trading on the exchange, Phelan said. "The consensus wasthat it is better to let the market try to work itself out," hesaid.    In addition, Phelan said that with the global nature oftrading there is no guarantee that halting trading on the NewYork Stock Exchange would have served any purpose. Phelan saidhe was in contact with the Treasury department, White House andthe Federal Reserve, but that the contact was made as a matterof routine. Reuter&#3;