Demand for natural gas has failed togrow in proportion to the decline in oil deliveries because ofconcerns over unresolved regulatory issues in the UnitedStates, said industry analysts and gas utility company sources.    "Natural gas is not free to compete," said Larry Makovich,director of utilities service at Data Resources Inc, "problemson pipeline open access and take-or-pay liabilities still weighheavily on end-users' decision to switch to natural gas."    A manager with an East Coast gas distribution company,agreed that reluctance among end-users often stemmed from fearof unresolved regulatory issues.    "The fact that at the federal level open access is not yetfirmly in place threatens to impede free flow of natural gasfrom producers to consumers," he said.     Michael German, an economist with the American GasAssociation, said while a significant amount of gas was nowreplacing oil in dual-fuel boilers, the progress of expandingthe marketshare of gas was slow. First quarter natural gasconsumption data is not available until June.    In the first three months of 1987, residual fuel demandfell by an average of 55,000 barrels per day, according to theAmerican Petroleum Institute. Natural gas, however, was notable to take full advantage of the decline in oil consumption.    AGA's German said that while industrial consumers wereconcerned with regulatory issues in their long-range capitalinvestment decisions, in the dual-fuel boiler market relied onspot purchases.    "With all the capability of switching (from oil to naturalgas) already there, price of the fuel is the only concern," hesaid, adding that compared with the same period last year,January natural gas price at burner tip is 16 pct lower forindustrial users and 32 pct lower for utilities.    German attributed the sluggish performance of natural gasto lower demand in the utility sector as a whole.    "March was warmer than normal, which cut down gasconsumption not only in home heating but also in electricitygeneration," he said.     In March, according to API monthly statistics, residualfuel deliveries fell by 13.6 pct to 1.2 mln barrels per dayfrom the same period a year ago.    While API specifically mentioned lower natural gas priceshad put residual fuel at a price disadvantage among electricutilities and industrial users, industry analysts believed therole of natural gas was over-stated.    Makovich of DRI noted much of the decline in oil in thefuel mix was taken up by new nuclear capacity coming on streamin the last few years.    Nuclear capacity rose nine pct in 1986, and he projectedthe same rate of growth for 1987 and 11 pct growth in 1988.     In contrast, oil and gas together represented only 15 pctof the fuel mix in 1986 and should decline to 13 pct by 1989,he said. Within this sector, gas share fell to 66 pct in 1986from 76 pct a year ago due to competition from falling oilprices, he added. But this year, gas was expected to recaptureonly two pct of the share, Makovich said.    Michael German of AGA agreed and said, "Nevertheless,outlet for several hundred billion cubic feet of gas a year issignificant in a glutted market." Reuter&#3;