Falconbridge Ltd said it expectedresults for the rest of 1987 to improve from the earlierreported first quarter operating loss of 15.4 mln dlrs.    Chief executive William James told reporters after theannual meeting that "I would hope that the loss for the yearcertainly wouldn't be a high as the loss for the first quarter.In other words we are going to make money from here on in."    Falconbridge last year made a first quarter operating lossof 17.1 mln dlrs and a full-year operating loss of 15.5 mlndlrs.    James said currency losses tied to the stronger Canadiandollar resulted for about eight mln dlrs of the first quarteroperating loss. Falconbridge records its cash and accountsreceivable in U.S. dollars, with the Canadian dollar equivalentdecreasing as the U.S. dollar falls.    He said the first quarter loss also stemmed from weakernickel and ferronickel prices and lower production at thecompany's Sudbury, Ontario nickel operations and at some KiddCreek operations. Falconbridge anticipates higher productionthrough the rest of the year and higher average prices thisyear for precious metals, James added, without elaborating.    Falconbridge has no immediate plans for furtherdivestments, James said in reply to reporters' inquiries. Thecompany sold several mining subsidiaries last year to help paydown debt from its January, 1986 acquisition of Kidd CreekMines Ltd from Canada Development Corp &lt;CDC.TO>.    He said Falconbridge's debt now totaled about one billiondlrs, down from 1.37 billion dlrs at the time of the Kidd Creekbuy.    James said he could not assess the impact of Amoco Corp&lt;AN>'s proposed acquisition of Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>. Dome's23 pct-owned Dome Mines Ltd &lt;DM> owns 21 pct of Falconbridge.    Asked by reporters if Falconbridge preferred competing Domebidder, Calgary, Alberta-based TransCanada PipeLines Ltd toChicago-based Amoco, James replied, "It makes no difference tome...whoever takes it over is fine by us."    He told shareholders that Falconbridges' planned capitalexpenditures this year would decline to 134 mln dlrs from 160mln dlrs last year. Reuter&#3;