Indonesian coffee exporters arepreparing for a period of depressed prices while urging theirgovernment to lobby for a resolution of the deadlocked issue ofexport quotas, the chairman of the Association of IndonesianCoffee Exporters (AICE) told Reuters.    Dharyono Kertosastro said in an interview that Indonesia,the world's third largest producer, is trimming costs andimproving its marketing while seeking a compromise on quotas.    "But as long as Brazil sticks to its hardline position, wecan never bridge the gap," Dharyono said.    Indonesia was one of a group of eight producing countries,along with Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador,Honduras, India, Papua New Guinea and Peru, which proposed anew quota system at last month's failed International CoffeeOrganistion (ICO) talks in London.    Brazil, which would have had its quota reduced under theGroup of Eight scheme, blocked the proposal.    AICE officials are now hoping Colombia can use its contactswith Brazil to suggest a compromise.    Edward Muda, an AICE official who attended the ICOnegotiations, said Latin American members of the Group of Eightwere in contact with Colombia, the world's second largestproducer, but gave no details.    "Colombia has shown interest because they will gain from acompromise. Without one, they will suffer if the present marketstays like it is," Muda said.    He said Indonesia was in contact with consumers such as theU.S., Japan, the Netherlands, West Germany and Canada ahead ofan ICO executive board meeting scheduled for April 1.    Dharyono said the AICE will send delegations to the U.S.And Japan to brief Indonesian embassy officials there and pressthem to present Indonesia's case more firmly.    He urged the Indonesian government to do more to help thecountry's coffee traders through the ICO negotiations.    Muda said the Group of Eight had some common ground withthe big consumers because they agreed on the need for basingquotas on what he termed "realistic criteria."    The breakaway group believes the old quota system, whichgives Brazil a 30 pct share of the quota exports, does notreflect up-to-date supply and demand trends.    Brazil has stuck rigidly to its insistence that the oldsystem be applied.    Export quotas were suspended in February 1986 when marketprices surged because of the failure of the Brazilian crop.    Although prices have long since come down to a point whereexport controls could be reintroduced, producers and consumersat the 75-member ICO have not been able to agree on newguidelines. Brazil and the U.S., The largest consumer, are bothrefusing to alter their positions.    Dharyono said if new quotas are not agreed he believedIndonesia was well placed to survive low prices.    Indonesian farmers are trimming production costs and theAICE is improving its marketing system, Dharyono said.    Indonesia's coffee output in 1986/87, ending September 30,is expected to stagnate or fall slightly from last year's levelof 360,000 tonnes, he said.    He said stocks, at 90,000 tonnes, were about average forthe time of year. REUTER&#3;