One or two large West German bankseffectively drained the domestic money market of liquidity atthe end of the month in order to achieve higher rates fromtheir overnight deposits, money dealers said.    As a result, call money soared in active trading to aroundthe Lombard rate of five pct from 3.70/80 pct yesterday asbanks found themselves short of minimum reserve funds.    Bundesbank figures showed that banks held an average daily51 billion marks in interest-free minimum reserve assets at thecentral bank over the first 29 days of the month.    Though this was above the March requirement of 50.7billion, actual holdings at the weekend were 44.2 billion.    To meet the daily average, dealers said, banks must raiseholdings by two billion marks to 46.3 billion today andtomorrow. But liquidity was tight in early business becausebanks excessively took up the Bundesbank's offer for sale ofTreasury bills on Friday. This provides a rate of 3.50 pct forthree-day deposits and is an effective floor to the market.    Though some liquidity, from bills bought on Thursday,flowed back into the market today, the bulk would not returnuntil tomorrow, the start of the new month, dealers said.    Dealers said the large banks, which they did not name,commanded short-term money requirements of as much as fivebillion marks or so.    With a knowledge of their own needs until the end of themonth, the banks bought excessive amounts of treasury bills,draining liquidity for three days. When other banks soughtfunds, rates rose and large banks were able to place excessfunds on deposit at a considerably higher average return.    One senior dealer said the Bundesbank, with advancedknowledge of the market's needs, should have curtailed itssales of treasury bills on Friday.    Though dealers only late in the day learn of the totalminimum reserve holdings of the previous day, the Bundesbankhas an immediate overview of the situation and could anticipatethe strength of demand for funds the following day, he said.    "(Bundesbank dealers) could easily have said we are notselling any treasury bills or we're not selling them in thisamount," he said. "If the Bundesbank wants to finely steer themarket then they should avoid such excesses. Tomorrow it willbe different. Call money will fall back to 4.0 pct or so."    But the Bundesbank would not approve of the sharp jump inrates, given the delicate state of currency markets.    International central banks have been at pains to prevent adollar fall against major currencies, including the mark.Dealers said a rise in call money gives the mark a firmerundertone, contributing to downward pressure on the dollar.    "The whole tender policy is to have a call money of betweenthree and four pct. In that case the excesses as we have todaycannot be very popular," the senior dealer said.    Dealers said the large banks probably achieved averagerates of return on their excess funds of between 3.75 pct orfour pct. This is a higher return than they would have earnedwithout the excessive draining through the treasury billmechanism.    Because of the currency situation and the wage negotiationsbetween Germany's major employers and the unions, theBundesbank would be very unlikely to make any changes tomonetary policy at its council meeting on Thursday, they said.    Bundesbank figures showed that banks fell back on theLombard emergency funding facility to draw down 1.5 billionmarks yesterday as rates began to tighten in late business. REUTER&#3;