A huge five billion dlr credit facilitybeing syndicated for two subsidiaries of British Petroleum CoPlc &lt;BP.L> should be well received in the market, given therelatively generous terms it carries, banking sources said.    The sources said they believe the committed four yearrevolving credit - the largest of its kind in the euromarkets -carries a facility fee of 1/8 pct and that drawings will be at1/8 pct over the London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor).    Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York, which is arrangingthe financing in conjunction with its London operation, was notavailable to commment on the terms.    BP announced it was arranging the financing earlier todayas part of its planned tender offer for the 45 pct of StandardOil Co that it does not own already.    In addition to the revolving credit, BP also is arranging aU.S. commercial paper program for an as yet undeterminedamount, which will be supported by the revolver.    Bankers noted that the terms on the new facility compareextremely favourably to those on other short-term facilitiesfor which pricing has turned extremely fine due to competitionfor the mandates. It also contrasts with the 1/16 pct fee BPpaid on a recent 1.5 billion dlr refinancing of some existingdebt.    Earlier today a Morgan Guaranty official, while decliningto reveal the pricing on the facility said that banks would be"compensated fairly" since this is a special purpose facilitywhich must be completed quickly, with the signing expected inabout 10 days.    The facility is only being syndicated among BP'srelationship banks and therefore has large individualcommitments from the banks. Lead managers are being recruitedat the 200 mln dlr level, co-lead managers at 125 mln andmanagers at 75 mln.    However, bankers said that despite the size it is likelythe financing will get done quickly since banks will want to beseen as supporting the relationship.    The financing is being arranged in the name of BPInternational and BP North America. Reuter&#3;