Bankers in Saudi Arabia are negotiatinga delicate balance between western business practice andoriental justice as they try to restructure the troubledcorporate sector's debt.    The problem lies in reconciling Saudi Arabia'swestern-style banking system and an Islamic, "Sharia" legalsystem in which interest payments may be viewed as usury andillegal.    So Saudi Arabia's 11 commercial banks have pinned hopes onnegotiated settlements rather than enforced ones, and areresigned to not being able to recoup loans in full.    And they have become highly selective over enterpriseseligible for new credit after a run of failures that forcedheavy loan loss provisions and ate relentlessly into profits.    As a result, they have attracted complaints from a businesscommunity that says it is starved of funds while the governmentis criticising it for not playing a larger role in the economy.    The private sector's downturn began in earnest in 1983 asoil prices slid and some companies were slow to react,businessmen said. Bloated inventories and in some cases poormanagement created problems. Some also blamed the governmentfor not paying for public sector contracts promptly.    Long negotiations to reschedule some debt are now producingresults. One banker said, "Banks are agreeing reschedulings, butoften at a high price... They are resigned to the fact thatfull recovery (of loans) is not always possible."    In a few cases private sector firms have been stripped ofassets during or prior to debt renegotiations, leaving banksvirtually no hope of repayment in full.    The first major rescheduling was not sealed untilmid-February this year when &lt;Arabian Auto Agency>, known asAAA, reached agreement to stretch out repayments of 700 mlnriyals of debt to some 50 Saudi and international banks.    Bankers said the deal for the Jeddah-based heavy equipmentimporter is likely to set a precedent for the private sector.It was greeted with relief after 18 months of negotiations.    AAA's rescheduling has been followed in the last few daysby a draft accord on the 1.3 billion riyal debt of one of theKingdom's most publicised companies, &lt;Saudi Research andDevelopment Corp>, REDEC. These two cases have raised hopesthat other companies will also reach agreement soon.    Bankers said the cement importer &lt;Arabian Bulk Trade>, andthe construction and trading firm &lt;Ali and Fahd ShobokshiGroup> are still negotiating with creditor banks.    They are increasingly resigned to there being little legalrecourse in Saudi Arabia, and that rescheduling with paymentsgeared to a company's cash-flow -- often very low -- is theonly way to recover at least a portion of outstanding loans.    Though bankers feel they generally have the tacit backingof the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA), the Kingdom'scentral bank, some say it should take a more active role.    However, bankers said it is encouraging SAMA has notblocked a "black list" of borrowers banks have drawn up andcirculated for over a year.    Bankers said the AAA accord, negotiated by a committee ledby &lt;Saudi British Bank>, is a likely model in that banks havenot insisted on full repayment of all obligations.    Sixty pct of the debt will be repaid in monthly instalmentsover seven years at 1/4 point over Bahrain interbank offeredrates (BIBOR). The remaining 40 pct is only to be paid aftercompletion of the first tranche, also at 1/4 over BIBOR. Andaccrued interest on the 40 pct will be waived as long as thefirst tranche is met in full.    As one banker put it, "Many banks took the view it wasbetter to get some money back rather than none at all." REUTER&#3;