Brazil's land reform program, longtrumpeted by the government as one of its absolute priorities,is mired in bureaucracy after achieving very few of its aims.    Officials acknowledge that progress is now minimal. Landrights activists see no progress at all and say things areactually worsening. Over the last year economic pressures haveforced many small producers to sell out to big land-owners.    Land reform, one of the country's most hotly-debatedpolitical issues, is particularly to the fore this year as aConstituent Assembly in Brasilia draws up a new constitution.    Land rights campaigners say that if the new charter doesnot give fresh hope for the country's 4.5 mln landlessfamilies, there will be wave upon wave of land occupations.    "We make no secret of our tactics," said one leader of theland reform movement, Joao Pedro. "The solution is to occupy --that is what we say to the rural workers. There has not been asingle program of land reform in the world without the peopleoccupying land."    The land issue spawns violence from Amazonia to MatoGrosso. Some 278 people died in land disputes last year,according to the Pastoral Commission for Land, which is linkedto the Roman Catholic Church.    The land reform program, announced in 1985 soon after thecivilian government of President Jose Sarney took power, aimedto resettle 1,4 mln families by 1989 by gradually splitting upthe country's vast, undeveloped estates.    The government, in its National Plan for Agrarian Reform,described the program as "one of its absolute priorities."    In practice, fewer than 20,000 families have been helped sofar and the government admits that it will not get anywherenear the original target.    Political analysts said that the pace of land reform wasnow slower under Sarney than it had been under the militarygovernment of General Joao Figueiredo (1979-85).    The slow progress on the issue is fuelling deepfrustration. Land rights demonstrations are a common sight inSao Paulo and other parts of the country.    Activists say social conditions in the countryside, farfrom improving, have significantly deteriorated.    Pedro, a leader of the Movement of Landless Rural Workers,said that over the last 12 months 100,000 small producers hadbeen forced off the land in Brazil's five southernmost states.    He said the exodus had been caused first by thegovernment's anti-inflation Cruzado Plan, which last year frozeprices and hit the income of small farmers.    When the Cruzado Plan collapsed late last year, prices andinterest rates soared and many small farmers were unable to paydebts taken out during the price freeze.    Pedro said most of the 100,000 families who had left thecountryside in the south had previously been land-owners, whilea minority had been tenant farmers. Most had moved to Brazil'sswollen cities.    One activist said the number of landless day labourerscalled "boias-frias" (literally "cold meals"), most of whom cutsugar cane, had increased to 400,000 in Sao Paulo state fromabout 300,000 five years ago.    In an attempt to improve the lot of the rural poor, theland reform movement has drawn up a radical proposal which itis sending to the Constituent Assembly.    The proposal would severely limit the size of a maximumpermissible holding and the land rights movement does notexpect it to be voted into the constitution.    Pedro said at least 70 pct of the 559-member assembly iscomposed of big land-owners. He added that the assembly wouldprobably vote on the proposal by October and that its rejectionwould be the signal for large-scale land invasions. Reuter&#3;