A rash of firings, fears of mass layoffsand management overtures for wage concessions have set thestage for all-out war between Eastern Airlines and its unions,analysts and labor leaders say.    The bitter labor-management dispute has hurt efforts torevive the ailing carrier and could ultimately lead Texas Air,Eastern's new owner, to tranfer scores of Eastern jets to itsnon-union sister airlines, analysts said.    "It's a trump card that Texas Air could resort to if thingsget bad enough -- repainting Eastern planes and shifting themover Continental Airlines," said Louis Marckesano, an analystfor Janney Montgomery Scott Inc of Philadelphia.    Eastern lost 130.8 mln dlrs in 1986, and analysts seelittle chance of the carrier returning to profitability thisyear.    Since the Miami-based carrier was taken over by Texas Airlast year, the morale of Eastern's 38,000 employees hasplummeted, workers and labor leaders say.    Some Eastern officials acknowledge privately that moraleproblems have contributed to high absenteeism and a decline incustomer service, triggering a barrage of passenger complaints.    Union leaders are accusing Eastern's managers -- many ofthem newly installed by Texas Air chairman Frank Lorenzo -- ofconducting a campaign of harassment and intimidation aimed atridding the airline of high-paid, senior employees.    "It's an underhanded way of forcing experienced people outin an attempt to cut the company's labor costs," said NancyTauss, vice president of the Transport Workers Union Local 553.    Some flight attendants complain that they are being stalkedby what they call "spyriders" -- teams of auditors they sayhave been hired by Lorenzo to fly on Eastern jets and secretlyexamine flight crew performance.    Since the beginning of the year, at least a dozen flightattendants have been fired as a result of such audits, some forhaving as little as two dlrs missing from liquor sales andmovie headset rentals, Tauss said.    Eastern officials acknowledge that management is tighteningits accounting procedures and cracking down on absenteeism,which the airline says cost 70 mln dlrs last year -- the highest in the industry.    But Eastern spokeman Jim Ashlock denied that the Miami-baseairline was using unfair labor tactics. "We're just trying tocorrect long-standing problems and that causes somedissatisfaction," he said.    U.S. Rep. Newt Gingrich, a Georgia Republican, has met withgroups of dissident Eastern employees in Atlanta and isreported to have told them he may call for hearings on theairline's labor tactics.    Labor and management have a long history of bitterrelations at Eastern Airlines.    But the conflict has escalated sharply since January 21,when Eastern president Philip Bakes called for a reduction of490 mln dlrs, or 29 pct, in annual labor costs, mostly throughunion concessions.    Eastern's three principal unions have rejected demands forwage cuts and have refused to open their contracts forrenegotiation.    Union officials say that in retaliation for theirresistance, the airline has launched a "firing frenzy" aimed atintimidating employees and squeezing concessions from labor.    During 1986 -- the year in which Texas Air managers assumedcontrol of Eastern -- 123 flight attendants were fired.  Thatwas nearly five times greater than 1985, the union said. In thefirst two months of this year 35 flight attendants losing theirjobs, according to union records.    Other unions report similar losses.    Texas Air last month said it would switch six of Eastern'swide-body jets to Continental, its cut-rate sister airline.    Eastern has begun hiring other Texas Air carriers to repairits planes in several cities and plans to shut down somemaintenance bases, according to a recent internal memo.    "Texas Air is not going to write checks to Eastern tounderwrite an outmoded labor cost structure," Bakes told ameeting of Miami businessmen this month. He denied, however,that Lorenzo planned to strip Eastern of its assets. Reuter&#3;