West Germany's money supply growthslowed in February after January's sharp rise but the trend isstill definitely upward, the Bundesbank said in a statement.    Growth in the traditionally broad M3 aggregate was onlymoderate in February. While cash in circulation, deposits withstatutory withdrawal notice and sight deposits grew sharply,short-term time deposits fell after expanding unusuallystrongly in January.    In the six months to February, M3, which excludes holdingsof German non-banks abroad, grew at a seasonally adjustedannual rate of 8.5 pct after 9.8 in the six months to January.    Compared with February 1986, M3 rose 7-1/2 pct.    In the six months to February, M2, which excludes timedeposits with statutory withdrawal notice, rose at a seasonallyadjusted annual rate of 8.8 pct and M1, which consists of cashand sight deposits, rose seven pct.    International transactions of non-banks again led to asignificant inflow of funds, the Bundesbank said.    Net claims of commercial banks and the Bundesbank againstforeigners, refecting these foreign payments, increased by 9.1billion marks in February, little changed from January's rise.    But in contrast to January, the dampening effect of theinflow on domestic credit demand outweighed the expansionaryeffect on money growth, the Bundesbank said.    Outstanding bank credits to companies and privateindividuals remained virtually unchanged in February.    A sharp drop in short-term company credits, which reflectedthe foreign funds inflow, was balanced by a moderate rise inlong-term credits and a sharp rise in credits for securities.    At the end of February total bank credits to the privatesector were 4-1/2 pct above the February 1986 level.    The effect of public authority cash movements on the moneysupply was slightly expansive, the Bundesbank said.    Although banks acquired large amounts of public authoritypaper, public authorities drew down book credits at commercialbanks and the Bundesbank.    Capital formation strengthened in February and slowed moneysupply growth to a larger extent than in January.    A total of 7.7 billion marks in long-term funds was placedwith banks after 6.6 billion the previous month. REUTER&#3;