Delegates from 46 countries aregathering for the 20th meeting of the Asian Development Bank(ADB) amid concern over the bank"s role in aiding regionaldevelopment.    The three-day meeting, the first to be held in Japan sincethe bank"s inaugural meeting in Tokyo in 1966, will opentomorrow with political controversy dogging its heels.    Taiwan, one of the ADB"s founders, will boycott the meetingfor the second year in succession in protest against China"sadmission last year.    Taiwan, which borrowed only 100 mln dlrs or 0.51 pct of theADB"s total lending of 19.4 billion dlrs over the past 20 years,is staying away because its name was changed by the bank to"Taipei, China."    But the boycott is likely to be overshadowed by thepresence of communist giants China and the Soviet Union.    Moscow is attending an ADB meeting for the first time inwhat is widely seen as a first step to eventual fullmembership.    China is expected to obtain its first loans from the bankin 1987.    A senior ADB official said Peking, now the bank"s thirdlargest shareholder after the United States and Japan, wouldalso take one of the 12 seats on the bank"s board of governors.    The official, who declined to be identified, expectedsparks to fly when governors met in formal session on Tuesday.    He said calls for expanded bank lending were expected frompoorer countries in the Asia-Pacific region, hit by plungingcommodity prices, tariff barriers in export markets, a growingresources crunch and balance of payments crises.    But the U.S. Delegation was likely to repeat warnings ADBlending should stress quality over quantity, the official said.    The debate over ADB lending is fuelled by the bank"s highlysuccessful money management.    With liquid reserves of about four billion dlrs, profitshave been rising steadily and touched 287 mln dlrs last year.    The key indicator of the ADB"s reduced role in regionaldevelopment is its net transfer of resources -- loandisbursements less repayments made by borrowers -- which fellsharply to 237 mln dlrs in 1986 from 421 mln in 1985.    In 1986, the bank approved loans totalling two billiondlrs, but only to 19 of its 29 developing members.    ADB chief economist Kedar Nath Kohli told Reuters the bank"sordinary lending had declined each year since 1984.    "I"m afraid if you exclude India and China, it"s going to godown even further in 1987," Kohli said.    Kohli said developing countries in the region were enteringa period of painful adjustments.    He said one country that seemed to be on the right trackwas South Korea, which had bucked the regional trend of risingindebtedness by cutting its foreign debt by about two billiondlrs last year.    One country that has complained about the ADB's lendingpolicies is Vietnam, which charged at last year's meeting thatthe bank had cut off its aid on political grounds.    The bank abruptly halted loans to Hanoi after the fall ofthe Saigon government in 1975. Despite Moscow's presence,however, the bank is not expected to change its Vietnam policy.    The Philippines, the ABD's second-largest borrower in 1986with loans totalling 316 mln dlrs, is happy with the bank'srole.    Finance Minister Jaime Ongpin told Reuters he expected thefigure would reach roughly the same level this year. REUTER&#3;