Texaco Inc and Pennzoil Co are stillfar apart on a settlement of their 10.3 billion dlrs dispute,but both sides are still willing to settle, executives fromboth companies said.    Pennzoil chairman J. Hugh Liedtke, on the MacNeil/LehrerNews Hour, said Pennzoil had offered to settle the disputealong the lines suggested by Wall Street analysts - somethingin the range of three to five billion dlrs - but Texaco Incpresident James Kinnear said it was the first time he heard thethree to five billion dlrs figure.    Kinnear, on the television news program, said Pennzoil hadtalked about four to five billion dlrs previously.    Both executives, who were taped in separate interviews,each accused the other of irresponsible actions in the ongoinglegal battle, which involves Texaco's 1984 takeover of GettyOil Co.    Yesterday, Texaco filed for protection under Chapter 11 ofthe U.S. Bankruptcy code, stating it was unable to continue itsbusiness because of the legal fight.    Liedtke said Pennzoil is prepared to litigate the matter aslong as it takes to bring the case to a final conclusion.    Lietke said he thought it would take about 18 months to twoyears to conclude the case.    Asked if chance of a settlement were out the window,Liedtke replied, "I've never thought that was the case. Ialways believed this could be settled. But it will never besettled as long as Texaco has the position that it has thateither you will settle with us on our basis or we will hold ourbreath till we die."     But Kinnear said, "we offered a big reasonable settlement."    Kinnear also seemed to confirm remarks made at an analystsmeeting earlier today where Texaco said it would only settlethe matter for far less than what it offered before.    "The offers we made yesterday won't be repeated tomorrow,"Kinnear said.    Kinnear charged that Pennzoil was "using extortionarypressure to deny us the ability to conduct our business." Hesaid that pressure forced the company into its Chapter 11filing.     But he added he still hoped the dispute would be settled. Reuter&#3;