Morgan Guaranty Ltd's novel and complexrepackaging of Westpac Banking Corp's perpetual floating ratenote (FRN) may attract some investors, but is unlikely to aidcurrent holders of the Westpac securities or the FRN market,FRN traders said.    "It actually does nothing for anyone who has been stuffedand right now, that's the problem," said a trader at one U.K.Clearing bank that has also issued its own perpetuals.    Trading in perpetual issues, which pay interest but nevermature, has come to a virtual halt. Prices have fallen so farthat only about five firms still make markets in them.    The Westpac perpetual notes are technically now theproperty of a newly formed single-purpose finance subsidiary,Pacific Securities. If Morgan tried to find a home for theactual Westpac notes, as is, they would be paid no more than 85cents on the dollar, at most, traders said.    But the repackaging allows them to target a new class ofinvestor for the notes and take the old issues off their bookswithout registering a loss, the traders said.    "The only one the repackaging favours is Morgan," a tradersaid.    Meanwhile, the end-holders of perpetual notes, most of whomare Japanese banks, must still find a way to value them byyear-end, now a week away.    From Morgan's point of view, the repackaging does aid thepresent holders of the notes as well as offering value to a newclass of investors.    "At least we've put a floor under the price of the notes.We've created a way to set a real value for them," one Morganofficial said. Morgan had earlier attempted, but abandoned,another plan to repackage the Westpac securities.    Morgan's holdings of Westpac paper create special problemsfor it because of the way U.S. Regulators view bank holdings ofthe primary capital of other banks, traders said. Therefore, itis crucial that a vehicle for selling the paper be found.    And indeed, note traders said, the FRN portion of therepackaged securities -- which Westpac has offered to redeemfor cash in 15 years -- does have real value.    For one thing, traders noted, it pays about the highestrate over the London Interbank Offered Rate of virtually anynewly issued security. The spread is 50 basis points.    However, the other portion of the security, in which theinvestor pays 20 cents on the dollar for a zero coupon 15-yearbond, is of dubious value unless the Westpac perpetual assumesa market value near par 15 years from now, traders said.    The zero-coupon portion could provide value for an accountwhich for tax purposes, wants to take a large capital loss, thetraders said. In the 15-year period between the time the noteis purchased and the time it is redeemed, no interest is paid.    When repayment finally occurs, it is not in cash like anordinary zero-coupon bond. Instead, the investor receives oneof the Westpac perpetual floaters. REUTER&#3;