Federal Reserve data released todayindicate that there has been no policy change in recent weeksand that none is likely at next week's Federal Open MarketCommittee (FOMC) meeting, economists said.    "The Fed continues to be accommodative in its provision ofreserves, indicating that there has been no policy shift sincethe beginning of this year," said Harold Nathan, economist atWells Fargo Bank.    "These numbers and other things suggest the FOMC will notchange policy," said Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities Co.    "The Fed is sitting fairly pretty now. There's no realreason for it to change policy," said Joseph Liro of S.G.Warburg and Co Inc.    Liro said the economy is showing moderate growth and doesnot require immediate policy easing and the money aggregatesmay well end March at the bottom of their target ranges.    All of the economists agreed that the Fed's major concernnow is recent weakness in the dollar which early this week washeavily supported by central banks. They said fear of hurtingthe dollar will cause the Fed to be cautious in loweringinterest rates further.    Numbers released by the Fed today were all in line withexpectations and similar to the data for most of this year.    The Fed said that banks' net free reserves averaged 603 mlndlrs in the two-week statement period that ended on Wednesdayversus 749 mln dlrs in the previous period.    In the single week to Wednesday, banks' borrowings at thediscount window, less extended credits, averaged 302 mln dlrscompared with 228 mln dlrs in the first week of the statementperiod. Meanwhile the Federal funds rate average edged up to6.14 pct from 6.08 pct.    The Fed's failure to add reserves in the market on Tuesdayand Wednesday surprised some, but economists said the datareleased today suggest it had no real need to add reserves.    The Fed's absence may be explained by the lack of anypressing need for it to supply reserves and by a desire toboost borrowings in the second week of the statement period tomeet its borrowings target, said Liro of Warburg.    Liro said the Fed probably is shooting for a two-weekborrowings average of 300-325 mln dlrs. The borrowings actuallyaveraged 265 mln dlrs in the latest statement period and thatwas up from 191 mln dlrs in the prior period.    Brusca of Nikko agreed that the Fed probably is aiming fortwo-week average discount window borrowings of around 300 mlndlrs. He said that would correspond to a Federal funds rate ofaround 6.10 pct.    It is nearly impossible for the Fed to hit any borrowingstarget since the demand for excess reserves is erratic, saidWells Fargo's Nathan. He said the Fed is focusing instead onthe funds rate and is trying to keep it roughly within a six to6-1/4 pct band.    Upward funds rate pressure and a big reserve-adding needare anticipated for the statement period that began today. More    Brusca believes the Fed will have to add 3.5 to fourbillion dlrs a day in reserves in this statement period. Liroputs the add need at around 3.9 billion dlrs.    To partly address this requirement, many expect the Fed toadd permanent reserves with effect next Thursday by offering tobuy all maturities of Treasury bills on Wednesday. A similarcoupon "pass" may be required later.    There will be a greater demand for funds in this statementperiod because it includes the close of the quarter. Furtherupward pressure on the Federal funds rate may come from windowdressing demand as the Japanese fiscal year ends on March 31. Reuter&#3;