A sugar mill which was thisnation's second largest employer closed its doors yesterday,saying it had been run out of business by sugar smuggled fromMiami and the neighbouring Dominican Republic.    The closure of the Haitian American Sugar Company (HASCO)will idle 3,500 employees and affect as many as 30,000 to40,000 small sugar cane planters in regions around the capital,the company said.    "Because of unprecedented and ever-growing smuggling, HASCOregrets ... It cannot continue to accept delivery of sugar caneafter April 10," the mill warned planters earlier this week.    Since President Jean-Claude Duvalier fled Haiti fourteenmonths ago, widescale smuggling of basic goods such as cookingoil, flour, rice, sugar and canned milk has lowered consumerprices but bankrupted several local manufacturers, throwinghundreds of thousands of Haitians out of work.    At the HASCO compound, where grim-faced workers lined up toreceive their last pay, Spokesman Georges D. Rigaud showed awarehouse stocked with an estimated 445,000 unsold 100-pound(45-kg) bags of sugar.    "We are closing because of our huge stock of unsold sugar.We have no money left to continue operations," Rigaud said.    He said the company owed 7.6 mln dlrs and had borrowed anadditional 1.5 mln dlrs in order to pay off workers.    Rigaud blamed the mill's problems on an order by Duvaliertwo years ago forbidding HASCO from refining sugar.    He said the government then began importing refined sugarat world market prices and reselling it at a huge profit andthe provisional military-civilian government that replacedDuvalier last year continued the policy.    "But now with all the smuggling even the state can't competewith smuggled Dominican refined sugar," Rigaud said.    HASCO workers earned 4.20 dlrs daily, considerably abovethe usual minimum wage of three dlrs.    It is generally estimated that every employed Haitiansupports at least six people. Rigaud said HASCO's closing at aminimum would affect 280,000 to 300,000 people.    Laid-off workers were bitter about the closure. "We're dead,and it's the government that's causing us to die," declaredLucien Felix, 34, who has five dependents. REUTER&#3;