Senate Banking Committee ChairmanWilliam Proxmire (D-Wis) said he planned to introducelegislation shortly to require greater public disclosure ofcorporate takeovers and fairer treatment for all shareholders.    Speaking to the National Association of Manufacturers,Proxmire said recent insider trading stock scandals increasedthe chance that Congress will act to curb abuses.    "We are proposing legislation that would provide for moredisclosure, would be fairer to all shareholders, and wouldinsure that takeovers are properly financed," he said.    Among the provisions, the bill would reduce the thresholdfor notifying the Securities and Exchange Commission that ainvestor or group has acquired a percentage of stock in acompany to three pct from the current five pct threshold within10 days, Proxmire said.    In addition, there would be a pre-notificaton requirementthat an investor intended to aquire three pct that would haveto filed with the SEC.    Proxmire said the pre-notification requirement was meant toprevent arbitragers from having a jump on the general public inknowing about coming takeover attempts.    Proxmire said he would call for extending the period that atender offer must be kept open under the Williams Act to 60business days from the current 20 business days.    His bill would provide for private suits if the acquiringcompany violated the time period on the tender offer.    To correct abuses in the financing of takeovers, Proxmiresaid the legislation would aim at insuring current marginrequirments are properly enforced.    The Federal Reserve Board has a 50 pct margin requirementfor purchasing stock, but Proxmire said it is not generallyenforced in hostile takeovers.    Rather, the groups or individuals leading a takeoverdeclare that they can raise the capital for a takeover withoutactually putting any of their own money, Proxmire said.    He said his bill would allow private suits for damages forfailure to meet the Federal Reserve's 50 pct marginrequirements.    The bill also would require more disclose when severalinvestors form an alliance in a hostile takeover.    "When Pickens and Icahn get together we want people to knowabout it," Proxmire said.    Proxmire said he favored the approach used in Britaintowards two-tiered tender offers that insures that allshareholders recieve equal treatment.    He said he expected amendments to the bill also would coverdefensive mechanisms such as green mail and poison pills.    Proxmire said he intended to introduce his bill later thismonth and predicted the Senate committee would act this spring.    He said he was hopeful Congress could pass a bill thisyear. Reuter&#3;