A Soviet geologist said scientists needto coordinate data about onshore and offshore oil deposits tohelp identify global formations that would indicate otherpotential discoveries of oil and gas reserves.    Vladmir Vladiminovich Semenovich, the head of petroleumgeology at Moscow State University, told delegates at the WorldPetroleum Congress that exploration efficiency could also beimproved through new and more sophisticated technology.    "We should emphasize that when having the data aboutpetroleum distribution onshore and offshore, it is possible toclarify the idea of global regularities in oil and gasprospects," Semenovich said. "However, much work should be doneto coordinate data concerning the structure and oil and gasprospects in adjoining onshore and offshore basins."    Sharing the information could help geologists betterpredict regional trends and underground formations thatindicate the presence of oil or gas, he said.    Semenovich also said that existing estimates of thepotential oil and natural gas resources of the world may needto be revised upward as oil companies continue to examineunexplored regions.    The world, which has already produced 476 billion barrelsof oil and gas, has a current total of about 733 billionbarrels in proved reserves. Undiscovered resources areestimated at about 1.4 trillion barrels, or about half of thetotal ultimate reserves, Semenovich said.    "There are a lot of unstudied regions all over the worldand, as far as the already known basins, one continues to findadditional reserves," he said, noting that Antarctica has beenvirtually ignored. "The existing estimate of potentialresources of the world may need to be enlarged."    To find deeper and more expensive reserves, scientists willneed to use 3-D mapping of underground formations and laserspectrometry to measure bitumen in soils and plants among othertechniques, he said.    He estimated that continental slopes contain about 10 to 13pct of all offshore reserves.    Semenovich also said that virtually all of the total oiland gas resources now estimated to exist in the world would bediscovered and placed in production during the next 50 years.    After his speech, Semenovich told Reuters that Soviet oilproduction was increasing. "The difficulties of 1985 have beenovercome and we're now back to normal production," he said.    The Soviet Union, the world's largest producer of oil, hadexperienced drilling and technical problems that cut totalliquids production from 12.45 mln barrels a day in 1984 to 12.1mln barrels a day in 1985. Last year, the Soviets produced anestimated 12.3 mln barrels.    When asked about the recent reopening and testing of a coalgasification project in Soviet Central Asia, Semenovich saidthe project was important because of the lack of oil reservesin the region.    Semenovich declined to identify at what level of world oilprices the coal gasification process would become economicagain. "It's too expensive for the time being," Semenovichsaid.    "Theoretical development is underway and tests are beingrun. For the moment, coal gasification is a very small part ofthe energy industry," he said. Reuter&#3;