Japan's little-known Ministry of Posts andTelecommunications (MPT) has emerged as an international forceto be reckoned with, political analysts said.    MPT, thrust into the spotlight by trade rows with the U.S.And Britain, is in a position of strength due to its control ofa lucrative industry and its ties with important politicians,they said.    "The ministry is standing athwart the regulatory control ofa key industrial sector, telecommunications and information,"said one diplomatic source.    "They are a potent political force," the diplomatic sourcesaid.    But MPT is finding domestic political prowess does notalways help when it comes to trade friction diplomacy, analystssaid.    "The ministry was a minor ministry and its people were notso internationalized," said Waseda University professor MitsuruUchida. "Suddenly they're standing at the centre of the worldcommunity and in that sense, they're at a loss (as to) how toface the situation."    Most recently the ministry has been embroiled in a row withLondon over efforts by Britain's Cable and Wireless Plc to keepa major stake in one of two consortia trying to compete inJapan's lucrative overseas telephone business.    The ministry has favoured the merger of the two rivalgroups, arguing the market cannot support more than onecompetitor to Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd, which nowmonopolizes the business.    It has also opposed a major management role in the plannedmerger for any non-Japanese overseas telecommunications firm onthe grounds that no such international precedent exists.    The ministry's stance has outraged both London, which hasthreatened to retaliate, and Washington, which says the mergerplan is evidence of Japan's failure to honour pledges to openits telecommunications market.    Washington is also angry over other ministry moves which itsays have limited access for U.S. Firms to Japan's cartelephone and satellite communications market.    Much of MPT's new prominence stems from the growth of thesector it regulates.    "What has been happening is an important shift in theeconomy which makes the ministry a very important place," saidJames Abegglen, head of the consulting firm Asia AdvisoryService Inc.    A decision to open the telecommunications industry tocompetition under a new set of laws passed in 1985 has boostedrather than lessened MPT's authority, analysts said.    "With the legal framework eased, they became the de factolegal framework," said Bache Securities (Japan) analyst DarrellWhitten.    Close links with the powerful political faction of theruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) nurtured by former PrimeMinister Kakuei Tanaka are another key to MPT's influence, theanalysts said.    "Other factions ignored MPT (in the 1970s), but the Tanakafaction was forward looking and ... Recognized the importanceof MPT," Uchida said. Many former bureaucrats became members ofthe influential political group, he added.    The ministry also has power in the financial sector due tothe more than 100,000 billion yen worth of deposits in thePostal Savings System, analysts said.    MPT has helped block Finance Ministry plans to deregulateinterest rates on small deposits, a key element in financialliberalisation, since the change would remove the PostalSavings System's ability to offer slightly higher rates thanbanks, they said.    Diplomatic sources, frustrated with what they see as MPT'sobstructionist and protectionist posture, have characterizedthe ministry as feudal.    Critics charge MPT with protecting its own turf, limitingcompetition and sheltering the former monopolies under itswing. Providing consumers with the best service at the lowestprice takes a back seat to such considerations, they said.    But many of the ministry's actions are not unlike those ofits bureaucratic counterparts in much of the Western worldincluding Britain, several analysts said.    "The United States is really the odd man out," Abegglen said."For a government to take the view that it wants to keep orderin utilities markets is not an unusual and/or unreasonableview," he said. REUTER&#3;