The buffer stock rules agreement reachedon Friday by the International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) is animprovement on previous arrangements but the price-supportmechanism is unlikely to do more than stem the decline in cocoaprices, many ICCO delegates and trade sources said.    The accord was reached between producers and consumers ofthe 35-member ICCO council after two weeks of talks.    European chocolate manufacturers and delegates said theaccord may boost cocoa prices immediately, but world surplusesoverhanging the market will pull prices down again before long.    "If the buffer stock operation is successful, I doubt itwill do anything more than stop the price from falling further,and it will have no relevance at all to retail chocolateprices," a European dealer said.    And if the buffer stock manager delays too long in buying,or is not seen to be using his purchasing power when the marketis relying on him to do so, the bearish trade reaction couldpressure prices dramatically, dealers said.    The buffer stock is the market-regulating tool of the ICCO,into which cocoa can be bought or from which it can be sold tomanoeuvre prices into a pre-set stabilization range.    A new cocoa agreement came into force in January butdelegates could not agree buffer stock rules at that time.    The new rules take effect immediately. The buffer stockmanager is expected to begin buying cocoa within the next threeweeks, after organizing communications with cocoa producingcountries and assessing the market, since prices are below the"must-buy" level of 1,600 Special Drawing Rights per tonnespecified in the agreement, the sources said.    The buffer stock theoretically has funds to buy a maximum100,000 tonnes within a five week period, but its approach willbe more cautious, buffer stock manager Juergen Plambeck said.    The buffer stock has around 250 mln dlrs in funds and abuying limit of 250,000 tonnes of cocoa, 100,000 tonnes ofwhich are already in the buffer stock.    ICCO council chairman and Ivorian Agriculture MinisterDenis Bra Kanon said the new rules have a good chance ofstabilizing prices. Ivory Coast is the world's largest cocoaproducer.    "We have established rules which will permit us to withdrawimmediately the surplus of cocoa on the world market," Bra Kanontold reporters after the council adjourned. Bra Kanon reckonedthe world cocoa surplus could be less than half the 94,000tonnes estimated by the ICCO statistics committee.    However, some producer and consumer members emerged fromthe final ICCO council meeting with reservations about thepact.    Ghana, whose high-quality cocoa is the world's mostexpensive and provides 60 pct of the country's export earnings,made a formal protest to the council about the pricedifferentials assigned to its cocoa, saying they were too highfor Ghanaian cocoa to be bought for the buffer stock.    According to consumer spokesman Peter Baron of WestGermany, "Consumers weren't perfectly happy with the bufferstock rules. We reached a very sensitive compromise...Therewere no real winners or losers."    Some European Community delegates were not satisfied thatimportant points were fully discussed during the talks, and asa result, doubted the rules can deal with world surpluses aseffectively as they could have, delegates said.    Under the new rules, the buffer stock manager would seekoffers of different origin cocoas, using price differentials toreflect different qualities. Non-ICCO member cocoa can compriseup to 15 pct of the total buffer stock.    London cocoa prices traded today around 1,300 stg pertonne, down from around 1,450 stg in January 1987 and 1,750 stgin January 1986.    A cocoa withholding scheme can take a further 120,000tonnes of cocoa off the market if a special council sessiondecides market conditions warrant it, according to theagreement.    The withholding scheme can only be used if prices fallbelow the 1,600 SDR lower intervention price for more than fivedays and if 80 pct of the maximum buffer stock capacity hasbeen filled, or if the buffer stock runs low on funds, it says.    The ICCO will discuss withholding scheme rules at anexecutive committee meeting on June 9/12, ICCO officials said. REUTER&#3;