Cascading global stock prices areevoking grim memories of the great market crash of 1929, butanalysts are reminding investors of safeguards in place beforethey stash their savings under the mattress.    But some also say that while banking, securities and sociallaws written during the great depression should prevent arepeat of that dismal era, more protection still might have tobe considered.       And analysts caution that while new laws can deal with someproblems, lawmakers can't legislate away fear--which  helpeddrive the New York Stock Exchange to its record 508-point DowJones index loss on Monday.    That 22.6 percent loss nearly doubled the Oct 29, 1929 loss of 11.7 percent. On the day before that year, the marketfell nearly 13 per cent.    In a series of Reuters interviews with government,congressional and private analysts, most agreed safeguardsexist to avoid a repeat of 1929 and its depression aftermath.    Charles Schultze, chairman of the president's Council ofEconomic Advisers under Jimmy Carter, said in an interview that"the safeguards should be adequate to avoid a repeat of 1929 to1933."    "The safeguards are fine," he said, "The safeguards areadequate to prevent a cascading liquidity failure. That's notthe overall problem which is the dollar and trade deficits."    Schultze, now with the Brookings Institution think-tank,pointed to a weak Federal Reserve during the 1920s when "the Fedacted in the wrong way in 1929--it tightened money."       Similarly, President Reagan's budget manager, James Miller,told Reuters the safeguards in place should be adequate.    And millionaire oilman and business takeover specialist T.Boone Pickens said the present safeguards should avoid any 1929situation.    "It is a much more sophisticated system, I don't see that acomparison is valid."    Marvin Kosters, director of economic policy studies at theconservative American Enterprise Institute, thinks the presentsafeguards will work.       "The main thing is the understanding of the Federal Reserveof its responsibility to maintain liquidity in the economy," hesaid. "There is no reason why this (market fall) needs to spreadinto the real economy. Maybe it's better it happened at all."    Rex Hardesty of the huge labor confederation AFL-CIO saidmany of the present safeguards are not working, saying "onlyone-third of the unemployed are now receiving benefits."    He also called for an increase in the 3.35 dlr minimum wagewhich has not been raised since 1981.    One of the main things that appears different in 1987 thanin 1929 is market psychology, analysts point out.    During those anything goes days of flappers and bathtubgin, the stock market was the road to riches that captured thesavings of shoeshine boys to bank presidents. It was viewed asa highway to heaven with no turning back.    But happy days soon collapsed into a nationwide, hystericalpanic with the stock market crash, wiping out paper millionsand losing the life savings of many average investors as panicset in.    Brokers leaped from Wall Street skyscrapers. American banksclosed for a  "holiday" in 1933 as depositors clamored to pullout their savings. The great depression followed leading intoWorld War II.    Images of those days surfaced with the unprecedented selloff on Monday, but analysts maintained times are different.    House Banking committee specialist Jake Lewis said thatbank investors should have no fears because their savings arenow completely backed by the government.     Even though there have been record bank failures --145 lastyear, 148 this year through today--everyone received theirsavings--unlike the millions lost when banks collapsed 60 yearsago.     Banking deposits, then uninsured, now are fully insured bythe government up to 100,000 dlrs for each saver.    As the depression swept the nation, President FranklinRoosevelt steered into law sweeping banking and securitiesreforms to deal with many of the problems that led to the crashand hurt people afterwards.    Reuter&#3;