Venezuela will limit new loans to 50 pctof the interest and principal it repays on its 31 billion dlrforeign debt, President Jaime Lusinchi told political leaders.    Speaking last night at a new session of congress, he saidlast week's agreement to reschedule 21 billion dlrs in publicsector foreign debt at lower interest rates reflectedVenezuela's improved credit image.    "Our priority is development, but I insist that there cannotbe development if we don't fulfil our obligations," he said.    Venezuela agreed last Friday with its 13-bank advisorycommittee to lower the interest margin to 7/8 pct over liborfrom 1-1/8 and reduce amortisations in the next three years to1.35 billion dlrs from 3.35 billion.    "The important thing is that this rate of 7/8 pct is amarker for new negotiations and will save us 50 mln dlrs thisyear," Lusinchi said.    He said the country had been loyal to the principles of theCartagena group of Latin American debtors but had "decided toreach an agreement convinced that Venezuela is a specal case,because of the vulnerability of its economy."    Venezuela signed a 12-1/2 year rescheduling accord inFebruary, 1986, but immediately sought new terms because offalling oil income, which dropped 40 pct last year.    Finance Minister Manuel Azpurua told reporters he hopes tosign the new rescheduling accord early in the second quarter,but that in any case it would become effective from April 1.    Azpurua said Venezuela's 450 or so creditor banks have beencontacted with details of the new agreement, and that PublicFinances Director Jorge Marcano may visit financial centres toround up support.    Azpurua said that among the details still to be finalisedwere the exact timetable for reprogrammed payments and theoutlines of a government plan to allow public and privatesector debt capitalisation.    He said banks had shown willingness to consider new loansto Venezuela, a fundamental achievement in the new accord.    "Substantial progress has been made in talks and we will nowhave to define more precisely what projects can be financedfrom foreign borrowing," he said, adding that loans for steeland aluminium and iron ore sectors could be the first tomaterialise. REUTER&#3;