China took a serious view of a Multi-FibreAgreement (MFA) protocol which it said infringed principles ofthe General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), the People'sDaily overseas edition said.    It quoted a spokesman of the Ministry of Foreign EconomicRelations and Trade as saying the protocol, signed on July 31last year and which extended the MFA for five years, wouldaffect international textile trade by broadening curbs in it.    Fifty major textile trading countries adopted the new MFAlast July in Geneva, limiting Third World exports of textilesto industrialised countries.    The newspaper said China signed the protocol on May 31, 10months after it was signed by other nations.    A U.S. Diplomat said the U.S. And China had had months oftalks on the issue, with the U.S. Saying that it would have tointroduce unilateral restraints if China did not sign.    He said that the new MFA pact extended controls to silk andramie in addition to existing ones on cotton and man-madefibres.    China, the world's biggest producer of ramie and a majorsilk producer, had flooded the U.S. Market the previous twoyears with goods made from both and from linen because thesethree categories were not under quota, the diplomat said.    It had become the biggest supplier by volume, though not byvalue, of textiles to the U.S., With exports in the first fivemonths of this year up by 24 pct from the same 1986 period.    He estimated total 1987 textile exports would be 15 pct upon the 1986 level.    Chinese customs figures show exports of textile yarn,fabrics, made-up articles and related products to the U.S. Incalendar 1986 as being worth 1.314 billion yuan, up from 870mln in 1985.    The diplomat said China and the U.S. Had held two rounds oftalks on drawing up a new three to five-year textile pact, toreplace the present one, due to expire at the end of 1987.    They involved discussion of overshipment of Chinesetextiles this year to the U.S. Due to counterfeit licences, aproblem the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Tradeadmitted to last week, he said, but gave no more details. REUTER&#3;