U.S. bank reserve, monetary anddiscount window borrowings data released by the Federal Reservetoday clearly indicate that policy is "on hold" and may not bechanged for weeks or even months, economists said.    "The Fed is keeping policy at dead center and it is notabout to change policy unless something fairly dramatic occurson the economy," said John Williams of Bankers Trust Co.    "These numbers contain no hint that a policy shift is inprospect, nor do economic or financial developments argue forpolicy change," said William Griggs of Griggs and Santow Inc.    Fed data released today were all in line with economists'expectations and similar to the numbers of recent weeks.    The Fed said net discount window borrowings in the twoweeks ended Wednesday averaged 191 mln dlrs, up from 381 mlndlrs in the February 25 statement period, but little changedfrom 160 mln dlrs in the period before that.    It said that banks' net free reserves in the latest twoweeks averaged 660 mln dlrs versus 675 mln dlrs previously.    Finally, the Fed said that the M-1 money supply fell 800mln dlrs in February, with the broader M-2 measure down 1.6billion dlrs and M-3 up an even three billion dlrs.    Analysts said that M-1 last month grew at a negative 1.3pct annual rate compared with minus 0.7 pct for M-2 and actualpositive growth of 1.0 pct annualized for M-3.    February levels of M-2 and M-3 left the aggregates 18.2 and20.8 billion dlrs under their respective upper growth limitsset by the Fed for 1987. The annual growth target for both is5-1/2 to 8-1/2 pct. There is no M-1 target.    "In the near term, there is absolutely no reason for theFed to ease policy, even apart from the slowdown in moneygrowth," said Stephen Slifer, economist at Lehman GovernmentSecurities Inc.    Economists generally expect a modest pickup in monetarygrowth in March after February's anemic growth rates. However,they stress that money growth will not be strong enough toprevent the Fed from dropping interest rates further if theeconomy shows evidence of weakness.    Commenting on February's decline in the key M-2 aggregate,Slifer said the main cause was a 3.2 billion dlr drop in moneymarket deposits at banks. This number has risen three to fourbillion dlrs a month for a long while, he said, so February'sweakness is not likely to persist. Slifer expects modest M-2and M-3 growth rates of 3-1/2 to four pct during March.    Griggs said that M-2 and M-3 in coming months should returnto the five to seven pct annualized growth region and socontinue to present no problem for the Fed.    Economists said the Fed appears to be very comfortable withits current policy stance and it is likely to wait for perhapsseveral more months of economic data before deciding whether ornot to ease its grip on reserves.    Given the economy's fragility in many sectors, the analystsagreed that there is almost no chance that the Fed will chooseto raise, rather than lower, interest rates when it nextchanges policy.    "Discount window borrowings in the past week were about aslow as the Fed can get them, although Fed funds held above sixpct," said Williams of Bankers Trust. Funds averaged 6.12 pctin the week to Wednesday, up from 6.06 pct in the prior week.    The Fed added reserves indirectly via one billion dlrs ofcustomer repurchase agreements last Friday, 2.5 billion dlrs onMonday and two billion dlrs on Wednesday. On Tuesday, it addedreserves directly through two-day System repurchases.    Williams and Griggs agreed the Fed will let the funds ratebe largely market-driven. They said it is focusing instead on aborrowings target of around 300 mln dlrs. Reuter&#3;