U.S. District Court Judge EugeneA. Gordon said he will decide "in the next few days" whether togrant Burlington Industries Inc's request to stop a takeover bySamjens Acquisition Corp.    "I do not know how I come down on this preliminaryinjunction," Gordon said after listening to arguments byattorneys for 1-1/2 days.    "It's been a long time since I was deluged with as muchinformation as I have been. I have to consider what's beenpresented and issue an opinion on this. Both sides cannot bewinners," he said.    Burlington requested the injunction to stop a takeovereffort by Samjens, claiming the partnership used illegallyobtained confidential information about the company to make itsoffer. It also alleges there would be anti-trust violations ifSamjens, formed by Asher Edelman and Dominion Textiles Inc ofCanada, were to succeed.    Samjens last week topped a 76 dlr per share offer forBurlington from Morgan Stanley Group &lt;MS> by one dlr per share.Morgan Stanley made its 2.44 billion dlr bid after Samjens bid72 dlrs per share for Burlington.    Burlington lawyers told the court if the injunction is notgranted Samjens would win control of Burlington. A Samjenslawyer argued that if the judge granted the injunction it would"kill the offer"    Jay Greenfield, an attorney for Samjens, said thepartnership would suffer irreparable harm if the injunctionwere granted. "There's only one Burlington," he said. "If wecannot get that then no amount of money can compensate us."    Greenfield also said Samjens could sell its holdings inBurlington for 95 mln dlrs. "We don't want that. We're not inthis for the money," he said.    Irving Nathan, a Burlington lawyer, reiterated thatinformation provided by James Ammeen, a former Burlingtonexecutive, was crucial to Dominion's decision to attempt otakeover of Burlington.    "Dominion relied on the information provided by the insiderJim Ammeen," Nathan said.    An attorney for Ammeen, who is named as a defendant, askedthe court to dismiss the lawsuit against his client. The judgesaid he would not rule on the request today. Reuter&#3;