The dollar is expected to decline furtherin coming days as scepticism mounts about the effectiveness oflast month's Paris accord to stabilise currency exchange rates,senior foreign exchange dealers said.    Following its fall today to a record 148.40 yen, dealerssaid they expect the dollar to establish a new trading range of147 to 150 yen before the market again tries to push it down.Behind the latest dollar fall lies the belief that last month'saccord was no longer enough to stop operators pushing thedollar down, the dealers said.    "The recent remark by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Bakerthat the Paris accord did not set any target ranges for majorcurrencies has cast a shadow on the agreement," said KojiKidokoro, general manager of Mitsui Bank Ltd's treasurydivision.    He said the market interpreted this as indicating the U.S.Would favour a weaker dollar and it had little intention ofintervening to support the currency.    "This eliminated the widespread market caution againstpossible joint central bank intervention," Kidokoro said.    Dealers said the dollar had gathered renewed downwardmomentum and that Bank of Japan intervention alone could hardlycontain a further slide in the currency.    They said the central bank bought between one to 1.5billion dlrs today, including direct purchases through brokers,and yesterday it might have bought a small amount of dollarsthrough the U.S. Central bank in New York.    Most dealers said they doubted the U.S. Federal Reservewould intervene on its own account to support the dollar, butsome said this might occur if the dollar fell much below 148yen.    "If the dollar drops to that low level, it could reduce theflow of foreign capital into U.S. Securities, which theAmericans don't want," said Haruya Uehara, chief money marketmanager of Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corp.    He said the dollar may return to around 152 yen next monthwhen corporations reduce their dollar sales after they closetheir books for the 1986/87 business year ending on March 31.    But dealers said the longer-term outlook for the dollarremained bearish. This was due to the lacklustre performance ofthe U.S. Economy, the continuing U.S. Trade deficit andJapanese delays in announcing an economic stimulation package.    "The Americans are getting frustrated at Japan's inertia instimulating its economy," said Hirozumi Tanaka, assistantgeneral manager of Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd's internationaltreasury division.    In the Paris currency accord Japan promised a package ofeconomic measures, after the fiscal 1987 budget was passed, toboost domestic demand, increase imports, and thus reduce itstrade surplus. The package was expected in April, but debate onthe budget has been delayed by an opposition boycott ofparliamentary business over the proposed introduction of asales tax.    In the circumstances the government had only a slim chanceof producing a meaningful economic package in the near future,Dai-Ichi Kangyo's Tanaka said.    Dealers said if steps are not taken to stimulate theJapanese economy protectionist sentiment in the U.S. Congresswould grow and put more downward pressure on the dollar. REUTER&#3;