The financial rand, widely viewedas a direct reflection of foreign investor confidence in SouthAfrica, appears headed above 30 U.S. Cents, dealers and bankeconomists said.    The currency has risen about 25 pct in the past threemonths to its current rate of 29.50 cents, due partly to signsof a possible power shift with the appearance of a number ofindependent candidates in the whites-only election on May 6,they added.    It has risen about two cents this week alone.    "Another factor is that banks in London, where the mainmarket is based, are going long in the currency because of ageneral feeling that it will rise in the future," one economistsaid.    Dealers described 30 cents as a psychological barrier thatwas expected to be broken soon after a brief consolidationphase from recent gains.    After reaching 30 cents, "There is a chance of appreciationto 32 cents in the next several weeks," one dealer said.    There was a widespread feeling that both the commercialrand, holding stable at 48 cents, and the financial rand werestaying firm, banking sources said.    A Barclays National Bank executive who asked not to beidentified said: "The rise of the independents appears to beindicative of a potential shift of power in the National Partyand has created a favourable sentiment overseas."    One dealer said growing business and investor interest fromWest Germany and Switzerland were behind the financial rand'srise.    Economists said foreigners also were being attracted bySouth Africa's long-term government bonds and "semi-gilts" orsecurities in partly government-owned firms, many with yieldsas high as 30 pct. They could be purchased with financial randswith interest paid in commercial rands.    "This has had a definite influence on the financial form ofthe rand," a dealer said, adding that at present demand isslightly in excess of supply.    The financial rand was reintroduced in September 1985 tohelp end capital flight from South Africa during a period ofsevere political unrest in the country. REUTER&#3;