Representatives from Nigeria are meetingtoday and tomorrow with officials of Britain's Export CreditsGuarantee Department (ECGD) in the first of what could be aseries of bilateral talks to reschedule Nigeria's officialdebts, banking sources said.    The talks follow an agreement reached between Nigeria andthe Paris Club of western creditor governments in December toreschedule some 7.5 billion dlrs of medium and long-term debtdue between September, 1986 and end 1987 over 10 years withfive years grace. Nigeria's official debts to the U.K., Itsmajor trading partner, are estimated at 2.5 to three billiondlrs.    If the talks prove successful, the Nigerian team, headed byFinance Minister Che Okongwu and Central Bank GovernorAbdulkadir Ahmed, will hold similar talks with French exportcredit officials in Paris later this week, the sources said.    An agreement could pave the way for ECGD to resumeinsurance cover for exports to Nigeria, which was suspended in1983.    The rescheduling of Nigeria's official debts was one of thedemands required under a rescheduling of part of the country'sestimated 19 billion dlrs of commercial bank debt, for whichagreement also was reached in December between Nigeria and asteering committee representing the commercial banks.    The commercial bank rescheduling has yet to be finalisedbecause of the reluctance of Japanese banks to participate inthe agreement, despite a recent trip to Japan by seniorNigerian officials and representatives of the steeringcommittee.    The entire package also is being held up because of theneed to reach an agreement to satisfy arrears due on short-terminsured and uninsured debts. However, bankers are hopeful thatan accord will be struck by May 31.    The Nigerians also are attempting to reconcile creditors'claims with their own receipts on some two billion dlrs ofletters of credit contained in the commercial bankrescheduling.    Bankers said that it was hoped that the ECGD would resumecover fairly soon as this could encourage other officialcreditors to begin bi-lateral talks as well.    Under the structural adjustment program supporting the debtreschedulings Nigeria is due to receive 900 mln dlrs in freshexport credits this year from official export credit agencies.    British exports to Nigeria were 565 mln stg in 1986, downfrom 960 mln in 1985, while Nigeria's exports to Britain, whichdo not include oil, were 328 mln stg and 647 mln, respectively. REUTER&#3;