U.S. refiners will have toreduce operations if they want to be profitable this year, saidindustry officials attending the National Petroleum RefinersAssociation meeting here.     "If the refining sector can discipline itself to refineabout 12 mln barrels of crude oil a day, we have a chance topull down inventories to acceptable levels by the secondquarter, said Archie Dunham, executive vice president ofpetroluem products at Conoco Inc    "If not, the industry will have a tough 1987," he added.     Last week's American Petroleum Institute report said thatU.S. refining capacity rose three pct to 78.7 pct of capacity,with crude oil runs at 12.2 mln barrels per day for the weekended March 20.     The API said that with the higher crude oil runs, distillate and gasoline inventories were sharply above year-agolevels. Gasoline stocks were at 245.6 mln barrels, some 17.2mln barrels above year-ago levels. Distillate stocks, at 108.7mln barrels, are 10.9 mln barrels above last year's level, theAPI said.     Henry Rosenberg, chairman of Crown Central Petroleum Corp&lt;CNP> told Reuters that unless refining and marketing return toprofitability, oil companies will have to rely on downstreamoperations to produce an acceptable level of earnings.     "The jump in refining capacity is a concern if itcontinues," said Kenneth Buckler, executive vice president ofrefining and marketing at &lt;Total Petroleum Co>, a U.S.subsidiary of Cie Francaise Des Petroles of France.     Refineries should operate near 75 pct of capacity giventhe current level of demand but the operating level shouldincrease as gasoline demand picks up in the next quarter,Buckler said.     Dunham said the potential operable capacity of U.S.refineries should also be cut about 500,000 barrels of crudeper day. "I expect to see the shutdown of more small refineriesover the next five years," he said, adding that thesefacilities refine between 10,000 and 30,000 barrels of crudeoil per day. The API said U.S. operations have the capacity torefine 15.6 mln bpd of crude. Reuter&#3;