Japanese life insurers, trust banks andcorporations, largely responsible for vitalising the U.S. Bondmarket in recent years, are now eyeing stockmarkets in theU.S., Britain, France and Hong Kong, fund managers said.    After concentrating on U.S. Treasury bonds for years,Japanese institutions now see a risk in relying too much onsimilar types of investments, they said.    Japan's net buying in overseas stockmarkets this year maydouble or triple to 15-20 billion dlrs from seven billion in1986, Shigeki Matsumoto of Nikko Securities Co Ltd, said.    Matsumoto, who manages Nikko's investment research andstrategy, said there is evidence Japanese investors beganpoking around in foreign stockmarkets around July last year,but few made firm commitments until December when net purchasessuddenly grew to 1.5 billion dlrs from around 500 mln in eachof the previous five months.    Net buying in 1985 totalled only 995 mln dlrs, he added.    This sudden penchent for overseas stocks is likely to drawthe widest smiles from Wall Street because about 70 to 80 pctof funds will be invested in the U.S. Markets, Matsumoto said.    "The trend has been to head toward the U.S. Market, firstbecause of its size and next because it has been successfulover the last couple of years," said Eugene Atkinson, managingdirector of Goldman Sachs International Corp.    Wall Street's massive turnover offers good liquidity,enabling institutions to easily move large volumes of money inand out of shares with the minimum of risk, he added.    However, few see holdings in U.S. Treasuries dwindling.They will remain a Japanese mainstay, fund managers said.    Institutions, particularly life insurance companies whichconcentrate on income rather than capital gains to coverpayouts to policy holders, are unlikely to sell their U.S.Treasuries, but will put in less money, said Shinichi Kobuse,manager of Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's international fixedincome activities.    There has been some selling of U.S. Bonds by short-terminvestors, but the selling is unlikely to amount to asignificant chunk of Japanese bond holdings because theliquidity of the U.S. Bond market remains attractive, he added.    Kobuse said investment managers are bullish on the U.S.Equity markets despite predictions by economists the U.S.Economy will remain sluggish over the next couple of months.    Interest in Wall Street has been spurred by recent reportsof significant growth in earnings by major U.S. Corporations,he added.    Yutaka Hashimoto general manager of Nippon Life InsuranceCo told an economic conference that insurance companies, whichare responsible for 26 pct of Japanese funds in foreignsecurities, hold a lopsided proportion of U.S. Treasuries andintend to diversify into other instruments and currencies.    Insurance companies have put the dominant portion of theirfunds into the U.S., But will now invest in Britain, WestGermany, France and other countries, Hashimoto said.    Lower interest rates worldwide make the returns on stocksrelatively high in comparison with bonds and in light of thestrength in the yen, the growth in stock values is expected tooffset currency risks, he added.    One trust bank official said his bank aims for a 10 pctannual return on overseas investments but the recent decline inU.S. 30-year bond yields has caused a rethink in pension fundinvestment stategies.    The bank is looking more at U.S. Equities and Europeanbonds, he said.    Japanese investments in British equities have alreadyturned active and the pace is likely to increase, said AndrewSheaf, general manager of international equity activities atCounty Securities Japan.    "Last week was the busiest week we had," he said.    Investments are being spurred by the growth in profits ofBritish companies and the recent deregulation of governmentcontrolled firms, fund managers said.    Deregulation in France is also attracting Japaneseinterest, but stock investments there will be inhibited byworries about the French franc, they said.    Investments in Hong Kong will be mostly short-term andspeculative due to uncertainty about the colony's long-termpolitical stability, they added.    Japanese investors are cautious about West Germany,particularly as German firms, like their Japanese counterparts,are concerned about the recent dollar fall.    Australia also poses some risks due to currency values,they added. REUTER&#3;