A one billion stg tranche of 8-3/4 pctTreasury Loan stock due 1997 was exhausted in very earlytrading on the U.K. Government bond market only minutes afterbecoming available for trading, dealers said.    The Bank of England said the issue, announced on Monday andavailable for official dealings from this morning, was nolonger operating as a tap. The striking price was a partly paid41 stg pct, at which price bids were allotted 53.8 pct.    Dealers noted that strong demand had been detected for thebonds yesterday afternoon and interest was further stimulatedby sterling's surge at the opening this morning.    The issue was announced on Monday, when it was widely seenas a move by the authorities to brake market optimism for afurther U.K. Interest rate reduction following the half-pointcut in clearing bank base lending rates to 10.5 pct earlier inthe day.    Dealers said that the Bank's strategy succeeded in stemmingpressure for a further rate reduction only briefly, as themarket yesterday recovered all the ground it lost on Mondayimmediately after the announcement.    Demand for the issue was lively from U.K. And overseassources, with particular interest seen from Japan.    The bonds were issued at a price of 96-16/32 stg pct,partly paid as to 40 stg pct on application, although theGovernment broker this morning sold them at a premium of onestg pct over the partly paid issue price.    The issue has been designated the "B" tranche of the bonds,since 1.3 billion stg of 8-3/4 pct Treasury Loan stock due 1997is already in issue.    Dealers noted that the Bank of England last week issued onebillion stg of nine pct Exchequer bonds due 2002 in an effortto dampen enthusiasm for an interest rate reduction caused bysterling's uptrend on foreign exchange markets.    Last week's issue was sold out on its first day of dealingsbut with nothing resembling the determined demand seen thismorning for the new tranche of bonds, dealers said.    After stifling pressure for a rate cut last week, theauthorities finally sanctioned a base rate reduction on Monday,following it up with the announcement of the one billion stgbond issue.    Sterling was briefly depressed by the rate cut but thismorning opened very strongly again, starting on atrade-weighted basis at 72.6 against yesterday's final 72.1 andlater edging up to 72.7.    U.K. Money market rates declined again this morning by upto 1/8 point, strongly reinforcing yesterday's speculation thatclearing bank base lending rates could drop into single figuresafter the budget next Tuesday, money market dealers said.    U.K. Government bond dealers noted that under the influenceof stronger sterling and the further fall in money marketrates, prices this morning had opened as much as 3/4 pointhigher at the longer end of the market. REUTER&#3;