Westinghouse Electric Corp saidearnings per share growth will exceed sales growth and will bein the double digit range through 1989.    In 1986, the company earned 4.42 dlrs a share on revenuesof 10.7 billion dlrs.    Speaking at a meeting for securities analysts, DouglasDanforth, Westinghouse's chairman, said the company's salesgrowth target is about 8.5 pct a year for 1988 and 1989, "givenan economic environment that remains on a moderate growthcourse." He also said the company will make acquisitions, buthe did not specify particular targets.    Paul E. Lego, senior executive vice president told theanalysts "our plans do not call for a multibillion dlracquisition, even though our balance sheet can handle one.Despite this disclaimer, if we identify a major acquisitionthat has significnt value-creating for Westinghouse...we willconsider it." He said the company would consider an acquisitioncandidate that is in an area compatable with Westinghouse'sprimiary businesses.    Danforth said the corportation was focused in several keyareas including defense electronics, financial services,broadcasting, electrical products and services for constructionand industrial and utility markets.    Danforth added that he expects Westinghouse's sales to growfaster than the markets the corportation serves and "surelyfaster than GNP."    He said earnings per share growth is expected toconsistently exceed the Standard and Poor's 500 index andreturn on equity will remain in the 18 to 21 pct range.    Leo W. Yochum, senior executive vice president for finance,told the analysts "we will consider buying back stock" butthere are no current plans for such a buyback.    Yochum said that at the company's current level of earningsit could comfortably maintain higher debt levels and thatWestinghouse will use its debt capacity to improve shareholdervalue.    Last year, Westinghouse established a 790 mln dlrsrestructuring reserve to be used for plant consolodation,assett writedowns and other items. Yochum said, the companyspent 306 mln dlrs of that reserve in 1986 and will spend 344mln dlrs of the reserves in 1987. The balance will be used in1988. He also said, capital expenditures should be about 400mln dlrs in 1987. Reuter&#3;