Top officials of leading industrialnations appear deeply worried that financial markets haveignored their efforts to coordinate policies, which theybelieve they strengthened in talks last week.    Monetary sources said officials were exasperated that themarkets, which drove the dollar rapidly lower and severelydisrupted bond and stock markets too, did not take heed of thepolicy commitments of the Group of Seven -- the United States,Japan, West Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada.    Treasury Secretary James Baker went out of his way toreassure markets of his commitment to a stable dollar with astatement, and French Finance Minister Edouard Balladurunderscored that by saying: "I don't believe at all that theAmericans want a weaker dollar."    West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg said thedollar's latest rapid descent "involves the risk -- now alreadya tangible threat -- of a new strong surge of inflation,leading to a renewed rise in interest rates."    But there were signs too, that while policymakers fearedthe market uproar, they seemed to accept there was little theycould do until the economic picture changed, and currenciessettled into a stable pattern as a result.    Nor did there seem to be any enthusiasm at last week'ssemi-annual meetings of the IMF and the World Bank for higherU.S. Interest rates as the best way to curb the dollar's rapiddescent. That distaste stems in part from fears of recession.    Outgoing Deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman toldtelevision interviewers he did not think a policy of drivingthe dollar down would solve the U.S. trade deficit.    "It would slow growth in Germany and Japan which wouldadversely affect our trade balance and ultimately it woulddrive interest rates up here which would throw us, if not(into) recession, into slower growth," he said.    Asked if higher U.S. Interest rates would stabilize thedollar, Balladur said: "When a currency is maintainedartificially high, by artificially high interest rates, it isnot healthy."    And resorting to higher interest rates could lead torecession, he said.    Acknowledging the dollar's latest slide was now a fact oflife, Balladur said, "there may be adjustments of course in oneor other currencies, this is not a fixed rate system."    But Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker said hemight rein in credit if the dollar's slide deepens.    U.S. Monetary sources also said Washington wanted itunderstood by markets the seven's commitments were genuine.    "The United States and the six major industrial countriesare fully committed to implementing our undertakings in theseagreements," Baker told the meetings.    Darman said Baker had been misinterpreted by markets whichwrongly believed earlier remarks suggested he wanted a furtherdecline in the dollar. Baker, Darman said, was committed tostabilizing currencies at current levels.    Last week's statement from the seven reaffirmed a February22 agreement in Paris in which the Reagan administration agreedto reach a budget deficit compromise with Congress and to fightprotectionism.    West Germany and Japan, meanwhile, agreed to stimulatedomestic demand and lead a global upturn.    Ministers believed the Paris pact was bolstered by Japan'spromise of a 35 billion dlr supplementary budget.    The sources said they believed Baker saw it as a majoraction. But the seven seem to accept their commitment to stablecurrencies applied to today's exchange rates and not those atthe time of the Paris agreement, when the dollar stood higher.    The Paris accord said, "currencies (are) within rangesbroadly consistent with underlying economic fundamentals, giventhe policy commitments summarized in this statement."    Now they accept the dollar's lower level, especiallyagainst the yen, as hard reality that is nonetheless consistentwith the agreement. "The ministers and governors reaffirmed theview that around current levels their currencies are withinranges broadly consistent with fundamentals," last week'sstatement read.    Monetary sources said policymakers understood markets werefocusing on instability created by the gap between the U.S.Trade deficit and the surpluses of West Germany and Japanrather than prospective policy changes. European monetarysources said Bonn was still unconvinced that Washington meantbusiness with its commitment to cut the budget deficit. Reuter&#3;