The four-times-a-year "triplewitching hour" did not jolt Wall Street as much as it has inthe past.    Market averages finished sharply higher as stock indexfutures, index options and options on individual stocks expiredsimultaenously. Some analysts warned part of the gain may beretraced next week. But there were signs Wall Street is gettingused to the phenomeon which causes a huge burst of activity inthe final minutes. Officials of the New York Stock Exchangesaid the day went smoothly and efficiently.    "This has been one of the few times that the consensus hasbeen right," said Jim Creber, trader at Miller, Tabak, Hirschand Co.    He expects a "follow-through" Monday and Tuesday to theadvance which lifted the Dow Jones Industrial Average 34 pointsfor the day and 75 points for the entire week.    Creber, whose firm was one of the first to get involved inarbitrage activity involving index futures and options, saidthe general trend of the market has been upward for months."Every time the market comes in, somebody comes along with moremoney," he said.    He said investors adding to Individual Retirement Accountsprior to a mid-April tax deadline and buying from Japaneseinvestors are apparently helping push stocks higher.    Ron Feinstein, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc,said reports of heavy Japanese buying, just prior to the end ofthe fiscal year in Japan, fueled bullish sentiment.    He said investors who had long positions in stocks hedgedwith short positions in index futures rolled the expiring Marchfutures over into June contracts. But he added differentplayers with other goals also were active and there was nosimple explanation of the market's gyrations.    For example, Feinstein noted the June contract for the JuneStandard and Poor's 500 stock index future hit 300 about 15minutes prior to the close of NYSE trading. In 12 minutes, thecontracted dipped to 297.50. "That could have been a wave ofselling from institutional people making a roll," he said.    It was the first time a nearby contract of the S and P 500hit 300. The cash index closed at a record 298.17. "It lookslike the market is going to continue to go higher," he said.    "Triple expirations didn't really mean that much, it was astrong day for stocks," said Steve Chronowitz of Smith Barney,Harris Upham and Co.    Chronowitz said the stock market has been underpinned by"good solid buying interest" which will cushion any pullback.    Other investors who were long futures and short stocksbought stocks on the close today instead of rolling over, saidMark Zurack of Goldman, Sachs and Co. He cautioned against"over-dramatizing" the day's activity, which said was more areflection of fundamental strength in the markets.    Leigh Stevens of PaineWebber Group Inc said what he saw wasmostly covering of short positions in stocks as index optionsand individual options expired. He said there could be adecline early next week in the stock market.    "It looked like it worked well today," said Howard Kramer,asssistant director of market regulation for the Securities andExchange Commission. But he said all of the data will have tobe analyzed next week.    He said there was relatively little commotion at the close,with about 50 mln shares changing hands in the final minutecompared to 85 mln in the triple expirations three monthsearlier. He noted the Dow industrials jumped about 12 points inthe closing minutes, a modest move for a 2333-point index.    Kramer pointed out an SEC-NYSE measure to curb volatility,disclosure of "market-on-close" orders in 50 major stocks 30minutes prior to the end of trading, showed imbalances ofmodest proportions. The disclosures are aimed at evening outvolatility by attracting orders on the opposite side of theimbalance.    The data showed more buy orders than sell orders for 47stocks, a preponderance of sell orders for only one stock, andno significant imbalance for two stocks. The NYSE had tighteneda rule governing what type of market on close orders can beaccepted in the final half hour. Reuter&#3;