A collapse in U.S. stock prices has  hitJapanese investors hard, since they had shifted to stocks frombonds earlier this year, and will slow down Japanese capitalflows to the U.S., investors and stock brokers said.   Until recently Japanese net purchases of U.S. stocks wereprojected to leap to eight to 12 billion dlrs this year fromfour billion dlrs in 1986, securities industry sources said.   "The Japanese had suffered severely from U.S. bondinvestments and now (they are suffering) in U.S. stocks," saidHiroyuki Kondo of Yasuda Trust and Banking Co Ltd.    Japanese portfolio investment was concentrated in Treasurysecurities until early this year, which led to heavy currencylosses following the dollar's steep decline. Even though theirU.S. bond purchases moderated since then, Japanese investorscontinued to suffer losses as bond prices fell sharply inrecent months.    Now the historic fall in the U.S. stock market has stunnedJapanese investors, killing their appetite for U.S. stocks.    Keita Konishi of Sumitomo Life Insurance Co said while hisfirm was not panicked into an across-the-board sell-off of itsU.S. stock investments, he does not expect it to resume buyingstocks for some time.    There has been no panic selling by Japanese institutionalinvestors so far during the stock price nosedive, said SusumuUchiyama of Yamaichi Internatinal (America), Inc. Following thesteep decline, however, Japanese are not buying, even thoughU.S. stocks now appear bargain-priced, he said.    "There will be no big wave of Japanese investment in theU.S. for the time being," said Keiji Tsuda of Nissei BOT AssetManagement Corp, an investment advisory body to Nippon LifeInsurance Co.    "It's the time to think twice. The psychological impact (oninvestors' behaviour) will drag on considerably," he said.    The latest turmoil in the financial market was triggered byU.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker as he threatened a futherdollar fall in retaliation for higher West German interest raterises, and undermined foreign investors' confidence in thedollar, Tsuda said.    The U.S. economy is still sitting on the time bomb of hugebudget and trade deficits, he said, and investors' worries overthe twin problems have intensified.    "Before I thought the dollar's large fall (over the pasttwo years) would take out the detonator out of that bomb, butit hasn't," Tsuda said.    Investors and brokers said the Japanese for the first timehave experienced the enormous volatality of the New York stockmarket, often caused by "program trading."    A stock trader at Daiwa Securities America Inc said thatwhile Japanese investors had been attracted by American firms'superior performance relative to Japanese firms in terms ofearnings per share, U.S. stocks' downside potential is now muchlarger than that oJapanese stocks.    While the Japanese stock market has also taken a nosedive,it could be stabilized by the efforts of large Japanse firms.    A high percentage of Japanese equities are held bycompanies who will hold on to their stocks and the stocks ofother Japanese firms in order to strengthen their business tiesthrough this cross-holding relationship, analysts said.    Despite the massacare on the Wall Street, Japaneseinvestors are not expected to withdraw from U.S. stocks.    U.S. equities are in a process to be built indiversification of their portfolios and the portion of them isstill very small, Japanese investors said. But, it is unclearwhen the Japanese will resume purchasing U.S. stocks and muchdepends on the dollar's stability, they said.    Kondo of Yasuda Trust said Japanese investors are not fullyconvinced that Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan isdetermined to fend the dollar's value and check futureinflation in the U.S.    Because of uncertainty over the dollar's direction andinflation in the U.S., Japanese investors have not yet jumpedon the Treasury bonds despite the latest sharp bond yieldrises, investors said.    Konishi of Sumitomo Life said "A U.S. recession is beingtalked about, so it may be time to shift back to bonds, but Ifeel uneasy about buying any U.S. instruments right now."    Tsuda of Nissei questioned the strength of the recent rallyin U.S. government bond prices. He said the steep bond marketrally has no real trend as bond prices are rising on shortcovering and bills are rising on temporary fund shift from thestock market. Reuter&#3;