"Endaka," the strong yen, has usurped"Godzilla Versus the Sea Monster" as Japan's favourite horrorstory.    The yen's 40 pct surge against the dollar over the last twoyears has frightened foreigners with tales of the 40 dlr melon,the 120 dlr taxi ride from the airport and rents of 15,000 dlrsa month.    But "endaka," like many Japanese products, is for foreignconsumption, locals and long-time foreign residents said.    "It's not really that expensive. I don't pay attention tothe cost of living," said Cheryl Richmond, a 25-year-oldCanadian teacher of English in Tokyo.    Richmond said she earns 1,635 dlrs a month by "chatting" 40hours a week in English to Japanese who hope to learn thelanguage. For 326 dlrs a month she rents a sunny, quiettwo-room flat some 20 minutes by train from Shinjuku, one ofTokyo's prime business and entertainment districts, and hasmanaged to send home an average of 320 dlrs a month.    She spends less than 6.50 dlrs a day on food despite eatingout once a day.    "For lunch I buy the teishoku (daily special) which comeswith soba (buckwheat noodles) or pork cutlet, pickles, misosoup, rice and tea," although she takes only coffee forbreakfast and a sandwich for dinner.    No one argues that Tokyo is cheap, but long-time residentssee no need to spend the 2,000 to 15,000 dlrs a month spent byforeign firms to house executives in Western-style homes.    The companies feel otherwise. They say they must pay theprice to bring over the best people needed to back up theirpush into Japan's increasingly lucrative markets.    "You can't expect people to move from New York or Sydney andtrade down. It's not reasonable," said a spokesman forInternational Business Machines Corp (IBM), which supportsWestern lifestyles for more than 350 foreigners in Tokyo.    Tokyo is the world's most expensive city for businesstravellers, a survey issued this month by Employment ConditionsAbroad said. It found that businessmen visiting Tokyo spend onaverage more than 300 dlrs a day.    While the businessmen have little choice but to come here,many tourists, especially those from Europe, are opting tovisit sunnier and cheaper climes in Southeast Asia.    The Japan Tourist Bureau estimates "endaka" caused an 11.5pct drop in the number of foreign visitors to Japan last year.    Those who came tried to cut back on expenses, chiefly bycurtailing shopping, it said.    To help combat "endaka" and the slump in tourism, the TouristBureau prepared a pamphlet, "Economical Travel in Japan."    It gives budget-saving tips on finding medium-pricedbusiness hotels and Japanese-style inns, cheap sushi and publicbaths while getting a "revealing glimpse of Japanese in theirdaily lives."    Residents of Okubo House, a transit hotel in Tokyo'sShin-Okubo love hotel district, offer even more savvy advice.    For 9.80 dlrs a night, Scott Perry, a 23-year-old buddingEnglish teacher from New Zealand, shares an unheated,berth-sized twin-room in the Japanese "flop house."    Perry has budgeted 26 to 33 dlrs a day while he looks forwork. "Normally I eat 'teishoku' for 400 yen but sometimes I'llsplurge at Shakey's where for 550 yen you can eat unlimitedpizza for at least two hours."    Still, there are the extras that dent the budget. "I had tospend 600 yen today to dry-clean my suit coat," he said. REUTER&#3;