The St. Lawrence Seaway, setto reopen March 31 after the winter, faces another tough yearbecause of depressed traffic levels and the possibility of thefirst strike in 20 years on the Great Lakes, seaway officialssaid.    Depressed grain exports, rising costs, and competing modesof transportation are all expected to result in only a marginalincrease over last year's traffic levels -- and revenues -- onthe 2,300 mile waterway, officials said.    In 1986, a season that ran from April 3 to December 27, theseaway moved 37.6 mln metric tons of freight between Montrealand Lake Ontario and 41.6 mln tons on the Welland Canal,linking Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.    By comparison, in 1985 about 37 mln tons of cargo traveledthrough the Montreal-Lake Ontario section and 42 mln throughthe eight-lock canal.    The waterway is expected to lose 9-10 mln Canadian dlrsthis year, about the same as the estimated deficit for fiscal1986-87 ending March 31, said William Blair, an executivemember of Canada's St Lawrence Seaway Authority.    The seaway moves about one-half of Canada's exported grain.Those exports of the single most important commodity carried onthe waterway have been depressed by world surpluses.    The Seafarers' International Union, which represents about2,300 workers on the Great Lakes and the ocean coasts, has saidit will likely go on strike this spring to protest employers'demands for wage rollbacks and other concessions.    "It's 99.9 pct (certain)--I guarantee you a strike," RomanGralewicz, head of the Seafarers' Canadian branch, has said.    The Canadian government has called in a labor conciliatorto try to hammer out a contract agreement between the twosides. The seaway authority said a walkout tying up ships onthe Great Lakes would badly hurt traffic.    "We haven't had a strike on the seaway for years...aprolonged strike would have a disasterous effect," SeawayAuthority spokeswoman Gay Hemsley said.    "These are the heaviest contract talks in the history of theSt Lawrence Seaway," George Miller, vice-president of theCanadian Lake Carriers Association, an association of majorCanadian shipping companies, said recently.    The workers' current contract expires May 31. Theassociation said it is asking for a five per cent cut in wagesfor the next three years, reduced crew levels and the power torestructure crew dispatching.    The association said its members recorded about a 6 mln dlrs(U.S.) loss in each of 1985 and 1986 due to lower traffic andfreight rates and increasing competition. The seaway said 1985was its worst year in two decades.    Hemsley said the seaway authority plans to raise tolls onthe Welland Canal by eight pct this year, compared to lastyear's 15 pct rise, while maintaining a freeze on tollsthroughout the rest of the waterway.    Canada is responsible for 13 of the seaway's 15 locks andabout 85 pct of its revenues and maintenance costs.    "We may see and hope for a steady upward climb...but wewon't see a major increase for a number of years," Hemsley said.    A Canada-U.S. delegation to promote the seaway to shippersin Western Europe should result in some increased traffic thisseason but the full benefits won't be felt for several years,Blair said. Reuter&#3;