The Swiss National Bank isprepared to increase its intervention on currency markets ifthe action can be properly coordinated with other centralbanks, Markus Lusser, a member of the Bank's three mandirectorate, said.    He told a meeting of Swiss industrialists that interventionto support the dollar could not bring about lasting changes inexchange rates unless accompanied by fundamental changes ineconomic policy.    However, intervention could send signals that wouldcontribute to a short term smoothing of currency movements.    The National Bank was prepared to intensify cooperationwith other central banks, especially where convincingcoordination and significant timing are guaranteed, Lussersaid.    He said currency developments could not simply be talkedinto existence but needed to be matched by actions in the fieldof economic policy.    "Put simply, that means that in order to stabilise thedollar in a lasting way, a reduction of the budget deficit anda slowdown in money supply growth in the United States areunavoidable," he said.    The National Bank has intervened in dollar-yen repeatedlyin the last few weeks and earlier this week it said it hadintervened in dollar-Swiss franc for the first time since lastOctober.    Lusser said the key to increased exchange rate stabilitylay not in currency intervention by central banks but only inan improvement in international economic policy coordination.    This meant that industrial countries must avoid abruptswitches in economic policy and give priority to pricestability.    Lusser said the National Bank continued to take the viewthat easing its strict monetary policies would be incompatiblewith its primary goal of combatting inflation. The bank targetis for growth of two pct in central bank money supply in 1987.    He noted that in 1978, when the Swiss franc rose sharplyagainst all currencies, the bank was forced to abandon itsmoney supply targets in favour of an exchange rate target, withthe result that inflation surged.    "Current exchange rate developments have not, until today atany rate, made any such measures by the National Banknecessary," he said. REUTER&#3;