McDonnell Douglas Corp said recent talkswith Airbus Industries about joint development and productionof a new jetliner with the European aircraft manufacturingconsortium have been very informal.    "If there have been talks, they were casual at best," saida source at the company. "There is nothing going on that wouldlead to immediate or near-term collaboration" on a new plane.    Senior officials at the aerospace firm's St. Louisheadquarters were unable to comment more specifically onweekend published reports from Europe that talks about a jointventure have resumed after they broke off last fall.    McDonnell Douglas and Airbus last spring and summer haddiscussed jointly developing and building a long-range aircraftto compete with Boeing Co &lt;BA> 747 wide-body jetliner, or itssuccessor. Talks ended when neither side wanted to forego plansto launch its own widebody jetliner projects - McDonnellDouglas with its MD-11 and Airbus with its A340.    McDonnell Douglas has since launched the MD-11 jetliner, asuccessor to its DC-10, and has more than 100 orders andoptions.    Airbus wants to launch its program this spring and is nowseeking customers for the long-range A340 and a companionplane, the shorter-range A330.    "I don't want to say we're not interested, because we arein any collaboration that benefits McDonnell Douglas without itgiving up anything," the source told Reuters. "There justhaven't been in-depth discussions."    He said any joint venture would not affect the MD-11program already underway.    McDonnell Douglas last month claimed Airbus tried tooverturn pledges made by airlines to buy the MD-11 by offeringcut-rate prices for the A340.    The firm said Airbus, in an effort to line up enoughcustomers to launch the program, is engaging in "predatorypractices" with prices substantially below those needed torecover the cost of developing and building the plane.    U.S. government and aerospace industry officials believeAirbus can offer low prices because the consortium getsgovernment subsidies that cover many of its costs.    The Reagan Administration decided last month to consult theGeneral Agreement on Tariff and Trade, GATT, to determinewhether Airbus is unfairly subsidized. Under GATT rules anenterprise can be subsidized but only if it will make a profit.    U.S. officials say Airbus countries have poured 15 billiondlrs into Airbus since the early 1970's and the consortium hasyet to make a profit. Reuter&#3;