The major U.S. Government bond brokersare likely to give in to pressure from regulators and investorswithin the next 18 months, making their direct-dealing screensavailable to many of those firms that are not now eligible toreceive them, said Richard Lacy, Chairman of Exco InternationalInc.    Earlier today, Exco said it purchased an 80 pct interest inRMJ Holdings Corp, one of the largest of the four bond brokersthat dominate the business.    In a telephone interview, Lacy said "Within 18 months, wethink the number of players will be expanded."    Currently, the four major brokers will sell theirdirect-dealing screens to only primary dealers in U.S.Government securities or those that have applied to the FederalReserve Bank of New york to become a primary dealer.    The U.S. Justice department is looking into whetherlimiting access to the screens to just a small group of dealersis a violation of U.S. Anti-trust laws.    Primary dealers, of which there are now 40, are an elitegroup of firms approved to buy Treasury securities directlyfrom the Fed.    But Lacy said that any agreement to expand access to thebrokers' direct-dealing screens is likely to be not asfar-reaching as some would like. Instead of making screensavailable to any firm willing to pay for one, he said, it ismore likely that a "second tier" will be established.    He also said that RMJ is not willing to break away from thegroup of bond brokers and be the only firm to make its screenswidely available to any one who wants them.    Bond market sources had speculated that RMJ is betterprepared to offer its services nationwide than its three majorcompetitors.    Lacy also said that he does not see any immediate pressurefor a further cut in commissions paid on bond transactions anytime soon. In late 1985, transaction fees paid to brokers werecut in half to 39 dlrs per mln dlr transaction from 78 dlrs.    Some U.S. primary bond dealers have been suggesting thatwith further increases in transaction volume, fees can be cutwithout hurting the brokers' profits. REUTER&#3;