Slower than expected growth in Britain'snarrow M0 money supply measure in February will help spur afurther cut in U.K. Interest rates if a surge in sterling'svalue requires such a move, economic analysts said.    M0, the only targeted money supply measure left afterChancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson scrapped the officialtarget for the broad sterling M3 measure in his 1987 budgetspeech on Tuesday, fell an adjusted 3/4 to one pct in February.    On an annual basis, this put M0 growth at four to 4-1/2pct, in the middle of the 1987 target of two to six pct.    "The M0 data are much better than we expected," said RobertThomas, economist at Greenwell Montagu Securities.    He and other analysts said while the better than expectedM0 figures alone would not be sufficient to trigger a newinterest rate cut, they removed an obstacle to such a move.    Thomas noted the rise in M0 had been kept in check despitebuoyant retail sales in February, advancing an adjusted 2.2 pctafter a fall of the same size in January.    Analysts said the M0 measure, reflecting variations inconsumer demand rather than real inflation prospects, was notan adequate indicator to determine interest rates.    "The authorities still seem to want to pretend that M0 isimportant ... In practice, it is likely to be the exchange rateand the election which call the tune," Lloyds Merchant bankchief economist Roger Bootle wrote in a budget comment.    Richard Jeffrey, economist at stockbrokers Hoare Govett,said in a comment: "It is unlikely that (Lawson) will respond tosignals from M0 alone ... Reinforcement from exchange ratetrends is necessary before action is taken."    "With the Chancellor making clear that policy manoeuvres aremade in response to signals from this narrow money variable,the City has been forced to take it seriously," he added.    Noting this point, Thomas said market fears at the end oflast year of an M0 overshoot had now disappeared.    This removed a potential obstacle to a further cut in U.K.Base lending rates if foreign demand for sterling pushed up thepound above unofficial targets, analysts said.    Such targets are believed to have been secretly agreedbetween finance ministers of the Group of Five and Canada attheir Paris meeting last month, they added.  U.K. Base rates have been cut twice by half a point since theParis agreement, once on March 11, and again yesterday whenforeign demand for sterling surged in reaction to a sharp cutin 1987 government borrowing targets contained in the budget.    They stand at 10 pct now, and foreign exchange dealers andanalysts expect them to shed another half-point in the comingweek.    Analysts shrugged off as largely irrelevant a higher thanexpected increase in February sterling M3, which pushed theannual growth rate to almost 19 pct, well above the previoustarget of 11 to 15 pct.    Thomas said the February figures seemed to indicate theimprovement in sterling M3 growth witnessed over the past fewmonths had been reversed, but firm conclusions could only bedrawn after revised data are released on March 31.    Some analysts said foreign investors had long ceased towatch the sterling M3 target, and Lawson's move to scrap italtogether earlier this week removed whatever was left of itscredibility as a key factor in monetary policy. REUTER&#3;