International Business Machines Corp&lt;IBM> is widely expected to deeply affect the personal computerindustry this week when it announces a long awaited newgeneration of desktop machines.     The four new computers, expected to be called the PersonalSystem 2 family, are almost sure to veer away from industrywidestandards for personal computers that were first established byIBM six years ago.     The result id the new computers will be harder to copy andless likely to work with software and attachments designed forexisting standards. Some market researchers are alreadypredicting slower growth as customers adjust to the change.    A proprietary IBM pc will cause the pc market's growth tobe flat or even negative in 1988 as vendors and users delaypurchases to gauge the importance of the new machine,'' saidJohn McCarthy, consultant with Forrester Research Inc.     IBM is traditionally very close-mouthed about unannouncedproducts, but so intense is the interest in these machines thatsome details have leaked out and consultants, dealers and thetrade press are rife with information, both factual orsupposed.    The four computers expected to be announced April 2 willreportedly include one low end, low cost computer, two modelsthat will resemble IBM's current high-end AT, and, mostimportantly, a computer incorporating Intel Corp's &lt;INTC> 80386microprocessor, the powerhouse chip that is revolutionizing thepersonal computer.    The microprocessor is the brains of a computer and Intelmicroprocessors are the ones used in all IBM and IBM-compatiblepersonal computers, by far the largest segment of the desktopmarket.     The 80386, more commonly called the 386, processescomputer instructions twice as fast as the chips used inexisting IBM computers and 386-based desktop computers are aspowerful as the much larger minicomputers of a few years ago.     Although IBM will not be the first company to introduce a386 personal computer - Compaq Corp &lt;CPQ> was - most industryconsultants believe that customers will not rush to embrace thenew generation until they see what the world's largest computercompany is going to do.    What IBM will apparently do is introduce a computer thatis, at least temporarily, copy-proof. That is a far differentsituation than exists with IBM's current family of personalcomputers, which are cloned widely.     With the Personal System, IBM will reportedly build asmany features as possible directly into the computers'motherboards, including graphics capabilities, a non-standardbus for add-on equipment and a new version of the operatingsystem used on all IBM compatible computers.     The word in (Silicon) Valley is that it will take two mlndlrs and 18 months before the machines can be copied,'' saidMichael Murphy, publisher of the newsletter CaliforniaTechnology Stock Letter.      At the same time as Personal System is unveiled,Microsoft Corp &lt;MSFT> is expected to unveil a new version ofits MS/DOS operating system, DOS 3.3, that will correct many ofthe programming problems encountered on earlier versions of thesoftware. MS/DOS is used with all IBM personal computers.      Consultants said that most existing IBM-compatiblesoftware will run on the new computers but software writtenspecifically for the Personal System will not run on oldermodels.     The industry will be looking closely at the delivery datesfor the new computers, particularly the 386, because if IBMdoes not start shipping its entry in this important new marketsoon, Compaq will continue to gain larger and larger marketshare.    Market researcher Future Computing Inc estimated thatCompaq's Deskpro 386, which started shipping last October, isgenerating sales of between 3.5 mln and and four mln dlrs amonth. In the first six months of availability between 21 and24 mln dlrs worth of Deskpro 386s were sold.    Said Future Computing analyst Joe Cross, "That's someindication of the kind of money IBM is leaving on the table." Reuter&#3;