The departure of James Baker'sclosest aide, Deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman, willnot change the course of Washington's domestic andinternational economic policies, U.S. officials said.    Darman, who has worked alongside Baker for six years, waswidely credited with helping him mastermind initiatives oncurrency management and international economic cooperation.    U.S. Officials said Darman also played a key role inshepherding President Reagan's sweeping tax reform plan throughthe U.S. Congress.    But they flatly dismissed suggestions that his departure,to the investment banking firm of Shearson Lehman Brothers,signaled the Baker team was breaking up, or that the TreasurySecretary himself might leave soon.    "It really does not mean that, he took the opportunity as itcame up," one official said.    Another commented, "Baker will miss him, but he's not goingto stand in his way."    There has been widespread speculation since last autumnthat Darman sought a Wall Street job.    Officials said Darman felt the passage of tax reform latelast year marked an appropriate moment to bow out.    Baker acknowledged Darman would be sorely missed.    "Dick Darman has contributed mightily to the success of thisadministration over the past six years and his departurerepresents a substantial loss," he said.    U.S. Officials admitted Darman's absence would be anundoubted blow to Baker, who has relied on him for policyadvice, both at the White House and, in Reagan's second term,at the Treasury. One aide once described Darman as"indispensable" to Baker.    Baker is widely thought to want a more stable currencysystem and Darman is generally credited by officials of othernations as Baker's leading theorist on this issue, favouringtarget zones to limit currency fluctuations.    Earlier this year, monetary sources said the U.S. Treasuryunsuccessfully sounded out allies on a target zone system.    But a U.S. Official disputed the assessment that, withDarman gone, Baker would abandon international initiatives.    Baker's work as head of Reagan's Economic Policy Council,spearheading trade policy, and his skills in negotiating withthe Democrat-controlled Congress will go on as before.    Darman's strength was not as an economist, but as apolitical strategist "and that's Baker's strength too," theofficial said.    There were already indications that Baker, who throughouthis time in government has relied on a closely-knit circle ofadvisers, has moved swiftly to find a successor.    One possibility is that Baker might turn to George Gould,who holds the number three Treasury position ofUnder-Secretary.    Gould, another close confidante, has known Baker for years.    Before joining the Treasury in November 1985, Gould was apartner at the Wall Steet firm of Wertheim and Co and formerlyheaded Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corp.    The Darman announcement came on the eve of the semi-annualmeetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank,where many policies Darman helped shape will be debated.    He helped Baker devise the September, 1985 Plaza Agreement,when the United States, Japan, West Germany, France and Britaincurbed the dollar's strength. The pact was a major turningpoint in U.S. Policy, ending a period of disdain for economiccooperation and intervention in currency markets.    Darman also worked on some other Baker initiatives, likethe Tokyo Summit agreement to intensify coordination ofeconomic policies among the leading industrial countries andthe recent Paris Agreement to stabilise currencies andstimulate global growth.    These policies are collectively aimed at redressing thehuge gap between Japan and West Germany's trade surpluses andthe United State's massive trade deficit.    That policy goal still remains a prime objective of theReagan Administration and will not change with Darman'sdeparture. REUTER&#3;