French sugar producer Beghin-Say is notcurrently planning to withdraw the sugar it has placed intointervention, despite the exceptionally high rebate awarded atthis week's European Community (EC) sugar tender, Beghin-SayPresident Jean-Marc Vernes told Reuters.    The maximum rebate of 46.864 Ecus per 100 kilos onWednesday was the largest ever granted, according to traders.    Vernes said he was satisfied the European Commission hasstarted to move in the right direction, but said his companyhad no plans to change its decision to put sugar intointervention.    But Vernes said he hoped that in the next few weeks a finalagreement would be reached with the commission which wouldallow operators to withdraw the sugar from intervention.    European operators offered 854,000 tonnes of sugar intointervention to protest about export rebates which they say aretoo low. Over 785,000 tonnes of this sugar was accepted by thecommission on Wednesday, according to commission sources.    Under EC regulations, however, operators have another fourto five weeks to withdraw the sugar from intervention beforepayment is made for it.    A total of 706,470 tonnes of French sugar and 79,000 tonnesof West German sugar has been accepted into intervention, tradesources said here. This amount represents about a third ofannual EC exports to non-EC countries.    Beghin-Say declined to specify the amount of sugar it hadoffered into intervention, but said it was below 500,000tonnes.    Producers say they have been losing 2.5 to 3.0 Ecus onevery 100 kilos exported due to the failure of rebates to fullybridge the gap between EC and world prices. Wednesday's rebatewas 0.87 Ecus short of what producers say is needed to get anequivalent price to that for sales into intervention, traderssaid.    Vernes said operators hope to get a rebate which equates tothe full intervention price and said Wednesday's tender was astep in the right direction.    Sugar producers here said the volume of sugar authorisedfor export since the begining of the current campaign had beeninadequate and that more should be exported now to compensate.    Trade sources said new regulations governing exportrebates, which are due to be adopted shortly, may smooth thepath for the commission to award larger export rebates infuture.    One source at a leading French sugar house said it seemedthe commission had understood the protest action and was nowmoving towards adapting the situation accordingly, therebyallowing the operators to withdraw their sugar fromintervention once they got satisfaction. REUTER&#3;