Lead prices have risen this week againsta background of a finely balanced physical sector, traderssaid.    Further gains are possible if the USSR steps up its buyingor if labour problems develop in North America, they added.    London Metal Exchange (LME) prices are unusually buoyant ata time of year when seasonal demand is normally slackening andprices tending to drift lower.    This buoyancy is generally attributed by traders to the lowlevel of LME stocks and steady, if unspectacular, physicaldemand in the Northern Hemisphere finding supplies curtailed.    The supply problems are not new but are beginning to befelt by a market in which, as peak winter demand tails off,stocks usually build fast and availability increases, traderssaid.    The lower supply levels result from a number of differentfactors around the globe.    Delayed shipments from Peru to Mediterranean countriesbecause of production and transport problems, lack of Spanishexports since the closure last year of Cia La Cruz's smelter atLinares and lower output in Morocco and Greece have all meantadditional demand being directed to merchants who in turn havebeen drawing on LME stocks.    In addition Broken Hill Associated Smelters' Port Pirie,South Australia, smelter is halting production for five weeksfor maintenance. Although the company said it would meetcommitments, this will put further pressure on stocks.    And the U.S. Company Doe Run has kept its 140,000 tonnesper year Boss, Montana smelter closed. This cut producer stocksand contributed to a closer supply/demand balance within theU.S. Market, for many years depressed by surplus production anda regular supplier to the world market.    Mexican supplies, which have sometimes swelled LME stocks,have been normal but are finding ready buyers, traders said.    On the demand side, winter battery manufacture has held upquite well and some U.S. Buying of lead sheet has been reportedin the U.K. Soviet lead buying, notably absent in Europe in thefirst two months of the year, was resumed when a large buyingorder was filled by merchants in March.    Merchant demand has fuelled the rise in LME lead pricesthis week and has seen cash metal move above 320 stg andestablish a premium of around 10 stg over three monthsdelivery. Specific demand has been directed towards metal inGothenburg and Trieste warehouses. Gothenburg material is oftena target for merchants shipping to the USSR, traders said.    On stocks, the popular LME Continental warehouses, Antwerpand Rotterdam, have little more than 3,000 tonnes of lead each,and this is believed to be in strong hands.    Out of a total 22,125 tonnes in LME stocks, the lowestlevel since June 1980, just over half is in U.K. Warehouseswhich are not popular with merchants putting togethershipments.    But even U.K. Stocks have dropped around 6,000 tonnes sincethe start of the year. Traders said this is partly due tosecondary smelters buying ingots to supplement feed suppliesaffected by environmental controls, which put restrictions onthe transport of used batteries.    Labour negotiations in North America will play an importantpart in determining the direction of prices, with contractsexpiring end-April at Cominco's Trail and Kimberley, B.C.,Mine/smelter and at Doe Run's Herculaneum, Mo, smelter.    Noranda's New Brunswick mine/smelter also has a contractexpiry in July which may cause some nervousness in view ofstrikes by its zinc and copper workers over recent months.    Traders said LME three months delivery, already attractingspeculative buying, could rise to 320/330 stg on currentfirmness, while nearby tightness could widen the cash premiumto 20 from four. Three months was quoted at 313 stg atmidsession. Reuter&#3;