China had postponed wide-ranging plans toreform its economy because of financial difficulties andpressure from powerful conservatives within the rulingCommunist Party, western diplomats said.    But they said that although the conservatives were criticalof aspects of the current open-door policy they had noalternative economic program. That meant that the strategybegun by top leader Deng Xiaoping in 1978 was likely to go on,but at a slower pace, they said.    Deng has led China's overhaul of the Stalinist economybuilt during the rule of Chairman Mao. Since Mao died in 1976living standards have risen sharply and China has become a netexporter of grain for the first time.    A western diplomat said China's leaders had beensufficiently encouraged by their success last year to order thedrawing up of plans for more reforms for 1987. These includedchanges to the country's price system.    But he said the biggest reforms had been shelved sinceeconomic problems appeared in late 1986 and the resignation ofCommunist Party chief Hu Yaobang in January.    The diplomat said the most ambitious reforms would not beon the agenda for a major party meeting later this year.    The main economic reform proceeding in 1987 is a systemunder which factories sign contracts with the government. Theycan keep any profit over and above the contract amount.    "This is a modest reform, a repeat of what China did in theearly 1980s," the diplomat said.    "It is regarded as second best by the reformers who drew upthe more ambitious plans. But these are impractical in thecurrent political and economic climate," he said.    A Chinese source said that a month ago Premier Zhao Ziyangdecided the media was giving too much coverage to the driveagainst bourgeois liberalism and not enough to explaining theproposed reforms. Some of these reforms, like price increases,were very unpopular.    Zhao ordered the media to give more coverage to the reformsand why they were necessary, the source said.    One of China's top economists wrote in the People's Dailylast week, "Failure to answer people's questions about the newprices has caused great anxiety."    In March, China announced budget deficits for 1986 and1987. It has had two years of trade deficits, and capitalspending and wages are rising fast.    On the political front, the conservatives in the Party havebeen on the offensive since January when Hu resigned. Heallegedly failed to fight the growth of western democraticideas, which the Party has called bourgeois liberalism.    A nationwide drive against bourgeois liberalism has beenunder way since January in the Party and the media. The latterhas given wide coverage to those in the leadership who havewarned against the errors of all-out westernisation.    The economist said, "Although reform in any countryinevitably causes anxiety and is often risky, it has beenproved that, where reform is more daring, commodities are moreabundant and people's living standards higher."    "But in the countries that are more rigid, the market isstagnant, goods are in short supply and rationing is common," hesaid.    The diplomat said the reformers wanted to complete theirunfinished overhaul of China's pricing system.    The diplomat said the reformers wanted to make factoriesindependent of the government which would use taxes, creditsupply and other indirect means to regulate them instead ofadministrative diktat as in the past.    "But to enact such far-reaching measures they need a stableeconomy, contented workers and surpluses, to give themmanoeuvring room. These conditions do not exist now," he said.    Another diplomat said that conservatives within theleadership, though critical of some results of the reforms, hadno alternative economic strategy.    "The last eight years of opening to the outside world hasshown everyone how poor China is and how it has fallen behindother countries," the diplomat said.    "Everyone is agreed on the objective that China become amajor world power by the early 21st century," he said.    "For this, it needs a strong and modernised economy. Wherethere is disagreement is over the pace of the reforms and thedetails of some of them."    The Chinese source said the debate over the pace and extentof reforms was still going on.    (See ECRA for spotlight index) REUTER&#3;