The ruling Liberal Democratic Party hasdrawn up the guidelines of an economic package including asupplementary budget of more than 5,000 billion yen, a seniorparty official said.    The official, the LDP Policy Affairs Research Council'sChairman Masayoshi Ito, told a press conference the proposedsupplementary budget will probably be compiled no earlier thanAugust but before November.    It also urges the government to concentrate in the firsthalf of the current fiscal year which began on April 1 a recordproportion of the year's public works spending.    The guidelines will be explained to the U.S. this week whenFinance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa visits Washington for themeetings with the IMF and G-7 ministers, Ito added.    The LDP suggested the government review the ceiling onbudgetary requests for investment in public works projectspresented by individual ministries, Ito said.    But the LDP official said the government should not abandonits fiscal reform target of ending the issue ofdeficit-covering bonds by fiscal 1990.    These measures should be treated as an emergency, partlybecause of the urgent need for Japan to redress its externaltrade imbalance with the U.S., He said.    The guideline will be the basis for a more detailedreflationary plan to be worked out by the LDP before PrimeMinister Yasuhiro Nakasone leaves for Washington on April 29for talks with President Reagan, Ito said.    The full government-endorsed economic package is expectedto be announced in late May.    The LDP expects public works spending in the first 1987/88half to account for more than 80 pct of what was originallyincorporated in the fiscal 1987 budget, Ito said. The previousrecord for the rate was 77.5 pct in 1986/87.    Ito said revenue sources for the additional pump-primingmeasures should include the issue of construction bonds and theuse of part of the proceeds from sales of the privatized NipponTelegraph and Telephone Corp stocks.    An LDP statement said the government should use theadditional budget mainly to encourage housing construction andto revitalize regional economies hit hard by the yen's rise. Reuter&#3;