Last week's White House shake-up hasincreased the odds that Federal Reserve Board chairman PaulVolcker, a symbol of strength in a government reeling from thearms-to-Iran scandal, will serve a third term, sources close tothe Fed say.    But they said that no decision on the appointment, whichmust be filled this August, has been taken by the White Houseand Volcker too has not made up his mind.    Former White House Chief of Staff Donald Regan, whoresigned last week when ex-senator Howard Baker was named ashis replacement, was implacably opposed to Volcker and triedoften to undermine him.    It is an open secret in Washington that Regan tried toensure that Volcker, first appointed in 1979 by PresidentCarter, will not be offered a third term by President Reagan.    Only Volcker's key allies in the Reagan administration,Vice-President George Bush and Treasury Secretary James Baker,kept Regan's recent maneuvering at bay, the sources said.    Sources close to the administration say Regan leaked astory, quickly shot down by others in the administration, thatBeryl Sprinkel, chairman of the council of economic advisers,had been chosen to replace Volcker.    But as the administration's credibility was increasinglyunder fire, it became clear that Regan's power to bring aboutsuch changes was on the wane.    The sources said New White House Chief of Staff HowardBaker has a very good relationship with his namesake at theTreasury Department and is likely to respect his views on theFed chairmanship.    As a moderate Republican, Baker is also unlikely to sharethe right-wing's opposition to Volcker.    "This new White House is going to need all the strength itcan get," said one source when asked about the possibility ofVolcker's reappointment.    Paul Volcker is deeply respected in financial markets bothin the United States and around the world. At a time when thestability of the dollar and the viability of major debtornations are in question, Volcker's departure would definitelyundermine U.S. leadership, foreign exchange analysts say.    U.S. officials say Volcker works very closely with TreasurySecretary Baker on issues like international debt and globaleconomic cooperation.    The two men seem only to differ on how far to deregulatethe banking industry, but recent statements by Volcker, inwhich he adopted a more liberal attitude on deregulation,signalled the politically-independent central bank is comingaround at least partially to the Treasury position.    And a recent statement by a Reagan administration officialthat the two men saw "exactly eye-to-eye" on the dollar was seenas an indication of Baker's support for the Fed chairman.    Baker is understood to have played a key role in Volcker'sreappointment to the Fed in mid-1983.    The sources said Baker respects Volcker and when appointedTreasury Secretary in February 1985, he decided to ensure agood working relationship, in part because he believed the twokey government economic institutions have to work closely.    Regan, Treasury Secretary during President Reagan's firstterm, was formerly head of Wall Street's largest brokerage firmMerrill Lynch and came to Washington determined to be America'spre-eminent economic spokesman.    He developed a deep antipathy for Volcker, whose politicalskills undermined that ambition, and who financial markets tookmuch more seriously.    But the sources said Volcker would have to be invited tostay. "Is the president going to ask him? he wouldn't stayotherwise," said one. "He'd have to be asked," said StephenAxilrod, formerly staff director of monetary policy at the Fedand now vice-chairman of Nikko Securities Co. International.    Otherwise, the list of potential candidates is notawe-inspiring. And if Volcker left this Augsut, he would leavebehind one of the most inexperienced Fed Boards in years.    Many analysts believe this lack of collective experience --the four sitting members were all appointed within the lastthree years -- is dangerous, coming at a time when the globaleconomy is threatened by instability.    An experienced successor, therefore, would seem anecessity. One widely mentioned possibility is Secretary ofState George Shultz, whose experience as Treasury Secretaryunder Preesident Nixon and background as a trained economistwould make him ideal.    But Shultz too may have been damaged by the arms-to-Iranscandal, while vice-chairman Manuel Johnson is regarded at 37years old as too young for the job.    Other potential candidates include economist AlanGreenspan, frequently an informal presidential economicadviser, New York Fed President E. Gerald Corrigan, FederalDeposit Insurance Corp chairman William Seidman, and Sprinkel.    Long a Regan protege, Sprinkel's chances may be damaged byhis patron's departure from the White House. Reuter&#3;