The five leading West German economicresearch institutes said the government should do more tostimulate economic growth and called for early introduction oftax cuts planned for 1990.    In their joint spring report the institutes were dividedabout 1987 growth forecasts, with three predicting two pctexpansion and the other two only one pct growth. Gross nationalproduct grew 2.4 pct last year.    But the report said all the institutes believed that "moremust be done to produce dynamic growth so that more additionaljobs can be created."    The institutes said any step which improved basic economicconditions should be taken as quickly as possible. "From thispoint of view, the tax reform planned for 1990 should bebrought forward."    The government plans gross tax reductions of 44 billionmarks as part of the major tax reform. The net tax relief fromthe tax reform will amount to 25 billion marks.    However, the institutes criticised the government, not onlyfor the timing of the reform, but also because the question ofits financing had been left open.    The government has not specified how the remaining 19billion marks of the tax reduction package will be paid for,though it has said it wants to cut state subsidies.    The institutes said this lack of clarity from Bonn hadcaused uncertainty among companies and households as to whatexactly they would receive from the tax reform and urged aquick decision from the government.    They also said the government should reduce taxpreferences, which would simplify the fiscal system, urged arestriction of state spending and called for no increase invalue-added tax.    The institutes also criticised Bonn for increasingsubsidies at a time further reductions had been pledged.    They referred specifically to a doubling of specialwritedowns for small and medium sized companies announced in apackage of tax adjustments planned for 1988 and described thisas an increase in subsidies.    The institutes said total subsidies, including taxpreferences, had reached 80 billion marks in 1985 and risenfurther since then. Given the scope of these subsidies, itshould be possible "despite ... Major political difficulties" tofinance the tax reform by cutting state handouts.    The institutes said that if the government raised valueadded tax or other indirect taxes a large portion of thepositive effects resulting from lower taxes would be lost.    The report also noted that the government was progressingonly slowly with its plans to privatise state companies andsaid more deregulation was needed. The government had to aimfor more competition, it said. REUTER&#3;