Indonesia told the oil industry onTuesday it will extend contracts on producing blocks andimprove the investment climate, but wants to see increasedexpenditure on exploration in return.    President Suharto, in an opening speech to the IndonesianPetroleum Association, said Indonesia was ready to extendcontracts held by foreign oil companies on producing areas.    "In order to boost investment in the petroleum industry, thegovernment of Indonesia has basically approved of extendingproduction sharing contracts under the present laws," Suhartosaid.    "Apart from that, the government will keep improving theinvestment climate in order to accelerate the development ofthe petroleum industry," he said.    Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto told the Association hewas aware that the oil industry needed to be assured thatcontracts on blocks expiring within the next 10 years would berenewed before they would invest in further exploration.    "As we all have heard this morning, the President is fullyaware of this situation," Subroto said.    "The government has already made the political decision toentertain this time problem by inviting the existing producersto continue their activities in Indonesia, albeit on aselective basis."    Indonesia, one of the 13 members of OPEC, must find new oilreserves if it is to remain an exporter in the next decade, oilindustry sources say.    Subroto said the government was also working to ease otherproblems, including granting easier terms for remote areas ordeep water conditions.    But Subroto said relations with oil companies were two-wayand that they should step up expenditure on oil exploration nowthat the oil price had recovered.    President Suharto said he wanted to see greater transfer oftechnology to Indonesian companies, and more help from the oilindustry for the regions in which companies operated.    Abdul Rachman Ramly, the President of state oil companyPertamina, has said that budgeted exploration and productionexpenditure for all oil companies in Indonesia was forecast tofall to 3.1 billion dlrs in calendar 1987 from 3.4 billion in1986.    Pertamina has 69 production-sharing or joint operationcontracts with foreign oil companies.    Subroto said speeding up necessary approvals for fieldoperations was a government priority. There had beenmisunderstandings between the government and the oil industryin certain areas, such as when a field is designatedcommercial, and a thorough evaluation was being made.    He said the government wanted to finalise contractextensions as soon as practical, and urged the industry in themeantime to maintain its exploration drive.    Subroto said Indonesia needed the companies to maintainexploration efforts, even if their contract was due to expirewithin 10 years. "This need in itself is some sort of guaranteethat we will soon have to come up with an extension agreement."    Eleven major contract areas are due to come up for renewalbetween 1991 and 2001, industry sources said.    Extension of the contracts on the blocks has involveddetailed negotiations but so far no extension has been granted.    Subroto told reporters afterwards that contract extensionswould be selective, based on how much capital would beinvested. REUTER&#3;