The president of Japan's biggest hightechnology firm, NEC Corp &lt;NIPN.T>, is anything but worried,despite growing anti-Japanese protectionism, a soaring yen, anda stagnant world electronics market.    "The company's structure was developed by looking ahead,"Tadahiro Sekimoto told Reuters in an interview.    "We assumed the era of a strong yen, trade friction andglobalisation would arrive, and we moved ahead on that basis.There's no need to change our strategy now."    However, the world's largest manufacturer of microchips,the tiny silicon wafers which are the brains of most hightechnology products, knows it must keep looking ahead if it isto survive.    Hoping to build on existing strengths, NEC is now turningits focus on home electronics, an area of past weakness,Sekimoto said.    NEC wants to follow its corporate slogan "C and C" (Computersand Communications) to create high level home electronics thatgo beyond mere televisions and video tape recorders, Sekimotosaid.    Home electronics accounted for only eight pct of NEC'stotal 2,334.67 billion yen sales on a consolidated basis in theyear ended March 31, 1986.    Industry analysts say NEC is wise to target what will be amajor growth market in the future, but some warn the companyfaces some stiff competition.    "This is where the market is going to be for a long time --in products that combine personal computers, video display andtelecommunications networks," said Salomon Brothers (Asia) Ltdanalyst Carole Ryavec. "But Matsushita (Electric Industrial CoLtd) may be there first."    But Sekimoto argues that NEC's overall strengths will carrythe day.    "Many companies are in the top 10 in computers or microchipsor telecommunications, but none is in the top 10 in all three.NEC is unique in that respect," he said.    To help its already high rankings, NEC will furtherincrease the high level of offshore production which makes itone of the most multinational of Japan's electronics firms.    The company will increase offshore output of all goods itsells overseas to 50 pct from a current 25 pct over the nextseveral years, Sekimoto said.    But the firm plans to go it alone in expanding overseas,despite moving last year to become joint owner, along withFrance's Cie des Machines Bull &lt;BULP.P>, of U.S. Firm HoneywellInc's &lt;HON> Information Systems unit.    "We hope to increase our share in the U.S. Market throughthe Honeywell tie-up. But our basic strategy is to take anindependent and autonomous route," said Sekimoto.    The company also plans to maintain its independent line bycontinuing to make computers which are not compatible withthose of International Business Machines Corp &lt;IBM>, he said.    "Among the Japanese competitors, only NEC hasn't been caughtin software copyright disputes with IBM and our profits andmarket share have gradually expanded," Sekimoto said.    Once new ways of linking non-compatible computers areperfected, IBM compatibility will be irrelevant. "What willmatter is the best hardware, the best software and the bestability to meet customers needs," Sekimoto said.    In fact, NEC, which has over half of Japan's personalcomputer market, may go to court to stop competitors sellingcheaper machines which can run NEC software but infringecopyright on its operating system, an NEC spokesman said.    While industry analysts give NEC high marks for lookingahead, they note that it failed in forecasting microchipdemand. Like other Japanese chipmakers, the firm was left withserious excess capacity when lean years followed the boomtimes.    But after two years of cutbacks in capital investment inthe sector, Sekimoto thinks the time has come to boost spendingagain, if only slightly.    "We're not going to increase production. But we are going toinvest in new product development and upgrade existing plant,"he said.    Despite NEC's admitted strengths, analysts note the companyfaces tough times due to stagnant markets.    "NEC has excellent worldwide capacity and technology, butthey are caught in a downturn which may last a long time," saidSalamon's Ryavec.    The company forecasts such troubles will slash parent netprofits to 30 billion yen in the year ending March 31, 1987,down 43 pct from the previous year, although sales are expectedto rise eight pct to 2,130 billion yen.    Profits will improve only slightly next year, rising to 38billion yen on sales of 2,350 billion, it said. REUTER&#3;