Texaco Inc, in documents filed with aTexas state appeals court, said a ruling forcing it to post abond of more than one billion dlrs as security for a 10.53billion dlr judgment would halt its credit agreements and forcethe company into bankruptcy.    A hearing is scheduled Monday on Texaco's motion to reducethe amount of bond required by Texas state law to secure a 1985judgment in favour of Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> in a dispute over theacquisition of Getty Oil.    Pennzoil today said it proposed to the court that Texacosecure its bond with assets valued at about 50 pct of the bond.    It said this would not force Texaco into bankruptcy.    Richard Brinkman, Texaco's chief financial officer, said ina newly filed affidavit that the company was willing to use its65 mln shares of &lt;Texaco Canada Inc> as collateral for a letterof credit or loan to provide security to Pennzoil.    The Canadian unit's stock, valued at about 1.8 billiondlrs, was returned to Texaco earlier this week after being heldas security by a federal district court in New York whileTexaco awaited a ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court. Brinkmanestimated that Texaco could borrow no more than one billiondlrs using its Canadian subsidiary stock as collateral for aloan.    Texaco, he said, was unwilling to pledge the stock of itsother foreign subsidiary corporations as security because thestock is not widely traded and its market value was unclear.    Brinkman also said the company had already lost access to afour billion dlr revolving credit line since the initial juryverdict against Texaco.    Texaco had been able to raise working capital by sellingabout 700 mln dlrs in receivables to a group of banks since thejudgment, he said. The banks earlier this week notified Texacothat they would not purchase any additional receivables becauseof the company's uncertain status, Brinkman said.    Four other credit agreements for 1.15 billion dlrs wouldalso be cut off if a judgment of more than four billion dlrs isoutstanding against the company and it is unable to obtain astay, Brinkman said.    "Since the Supreme Court decision on April 6, many othersuppliers to Texaco have notified Texaco that their dealingswith it are under review and a number have demanded cashpayment or terminated their dealings with Texaco," he said.    The Supreme Court overturned a lower federal court decisionto cut Texaco's bond to one billion dlrs, saying the issueshould first be considered in Texas courts.    In a separate affidavit, &lt;Morgan Stanley &amp; Co> ManagingDirector Donald Brennan also said Texaco would be forced intobankruptcy if the company were forced to provide Pennzoil withsecurity exceeding one billion dlrs. REUTER&#3;