Spain's financially troubled powercompany &lt;Fuerzas Electricas de Cataluna S.A.> (FECSA) maysuspend payments if it fails to reach agreement with creditorson renegotiating its 594 billion peseta debt, a companyofficial said.    "We would only take this step in the event of a lack ofco-operation on the part of our creditors," FECSA assistantgeneral manager Jose Zaforteza told Reuters in a telephoneinterview. "It is unlikely they will refuse to renegotiate."    He said creditors would obtain a better deal by negotiatingthan under a suspension of payments.    FECSA is scheduled to begin formal talks with its creditorson April 6, and foreign banks holding some 184 billion pesetasof debt said they were angered over what they called a lack ofinformation on the company's situation.    The spokesman for one U.S. Bank creditor said in reply toinquiries "It has been two months since we first detected signsof serious trouble at FECSA, and we still have no idea of howthe company plans to restructure its finances."    The spokesman said no foreign bankers had been notifiedwhen FECSA yesterday, in an action unrelated to a possibletotal payments suspension, suspended payment on its debtprincipal.    FECSA's Zaforteza said, however, that telexes had been sentto creditors notifying them of the move, which he said wasunavoidable.    He said the decision did not affect payment of interest onloans and debentures. FECSA faces repayment of 60 billionpesetas in interest and 30 billion on principal this year.    The U.S. Bank spokesman said foreign banks "were now more inthe dark" than ever.    FECSA called for renegotiating its debt when the Madridstock exchange on February 6 suspended trading in its shares, amove which officials said was meant to protect shareholders.    Zaforteza said the company will ask its creditors to switchold debt to new loans at lower interest rates, postponeinterest payments and possibly convert some debt into shares.    Foreign bankers said they assumed the government wasinvolved in the control and management of the electricitysector.    They added that lending policy toward the industry could beaffected if the banks lost money in FECSA.    Foreign banking sources said they considered likely a freshpostponement of a 10 billion peseta Chase Manhattan Bank&lt;CMB.N> led syndicated loan to power company &lt;Hidrolectrica deCataluna S.A.> (Hidruna).    The facility was scheduled to be signed in mid-February butwas postponed when the bourse suspended FECSA's shares.    "We planned to sign this month but that looks unlikely underthe present circumstances," a foreign banker said. REUTER&#3;