The government announced a three billionfranc program to combat long-term unemployment amid speculationamong political and economic analysts that it is positioningitself for a period of economic reflation.    The package presented to the cabinet of Prime MinisterJacques Chirac by Social Affairs and Labour Minister PhilippeSeguin today is to be financed out of a 7.5 billion franccontingency fund announced on February 25.    Finance Minister Edouard Balladur previously ruled out areflationary program.    Long-term unemployment, defined as being out of work formore than one year, affects about 830,000 people or one thirdof French unemployed, government figures show.    The main measures of the employment program give employersfinancial incentives to offer short-term work contracts of atleast two years and stress retraining to help the long-termunemployed return to the labour market.    Training subsidies and exemptions from social securitycontributions are the main incentives for employers.    "Companies tell us that we have to give them a strongincentive to take on people who have fallen out of the labourmarket and that's why the proposals...Are costly," an aide toSeguin said.    The analysts said speculation the government is consideringa reflationary program was sparked by Chirac spokesman DenisBaudouin, who said yesterday that ministers were generallyagreed on the desirability of relaunching the economy.    He appeared to contradict statements by Balladur ruling outeconomic stimulation despite the government's revision of its1987 growth forecast to about 2.0 pct from 2.8.    Finance ministry officials later clarified Baudouin'sremarks, saying there was no question of any move to stimulatethe economy through a boost to consumer spending althoughgovernment policy allowed for increased industrial investmentfrom the proceeds of France's five-year privatisation plan.    The 1987 budget allowed for 30 billion francs in revenuefrom privatisation, to be split between repaying national debtand providing state enterprises with fresh capital.    Some political analysts said Baudouin's comments possiblyreflect widening differences within the RPR-UDF coalition onsocial issues ahead of next year's presidential elections.     Divisions began to show last December, when a wave ofstrikes led by transport workers paralysed the country anddrove the government into a new mood of conciliation withlabour.     Officials said that after the success of the privatisationof Cie de Saint Gobain &lt;SGEP.PA> and Cie Financiere de Paribas&lt;PARI.PA> the government had decided to speed up its five-yearprivatisation program with the aim of completing a third of itthis year, ahead of the presidential elections expected in1988.    The accelerated program could provide additional unbudgetedrevenue to boost industrial and research investment andspending on infrastructure such as the national motorwaynetwork.   The government also today revived a proposal, blocked lastyear by Socialist president Francois Mitterrand, to encouragemore flexible working hours, which it says will boost jobs byimproving the competitiveness of French industry.    The proposals allowing night-shift work by women andvariations in the standard 39-hour working week are to be putto parliament as a self-contained draft bill after being vetoedfor procedural reasons by Mitterrand and later the Council ofState. REUTER&#3;