Saudi Arabia's renegotiation of itscollective agreement with Aramco to purchase oil for thelatter's ex-partners is moving along and should lead to afundamental structural change in the contract, oil industrysources said.    Petroleum Intelligence Weekly, in this Monday's edition,said negotiations are moving along for adjustment of the 1.34mln bpd joint long term agreement at official prices andvolumes and other terms may be rearranged.    The agreement signed in January for the months fromFebruary to June is up for renegotiation.    Under the January contract Aramco was to purchase 1.34 mlnbpd for the four partners allocated among them as Exxon Corp&lt;XON> 440,000 bpd, Texaco Inc &lt;TX> 350,000 bpd, Mobil Corp&lt;MOB> and Chevron Corp &lt;CHV> 550,000 bpd between them.    But an overlifting by Texaco Inc in the first quarterallowed other companies like Exxon Corp to underlift itsobligations under the contract    PIW said that that one alternative under consideration isto revert to four individual contracts rather than a collectiveagrement.    John Lichtblau, director of the Petroleum Industry ResearchFoundation Inc said that renegotiation of the pact was more ofa formality as the Saudis have each company on a separateschedule although separate agreements with the companies wouldfavor one on one negotiations and ensure that contractedliftings occur .    "The companies will probably follow the Saudi wants withinlimits as they do not want to antagonize them for the longhaul," he said.    Lichtblau said that the renegotiations would most likelyconcentrate on volume rather than price.    Saudi displeasure with the agreement has long been notedand in April industry publications said that renegotiation werebeing sought, a fact later confirmed by Reuters with Aramco.    Aramco Corp was formerly owned by Chevron Corp &lt;CHV>, ExxonCorp &lt;XON>, Mobil Corp &lt;MOB> and Texaco Inc &lt;TX> but is nowowned by Saudi Arabia which bought its assets although theex-partners have various agreements with Saudi Arabia. Reuter&#3;