A Foreign Ministry official dismissedarguments made by senior U.S. Government officials seeking toblock the sale of a U.S. Microchip maker to a Japanese firm.    "They appear to be linking completely unrelated issues,"Shuichi Takemoto of the Foreign Ministry's North AmericanDivision told Reuters.    U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige has asked theWhite House to consider blocking the sale of &lt;FairchildSemiconductor Corp> to Japan's Fujitsu Ltd &lt;ITSU.T>, U.S.Officials said yesterday.    Baldrige expressed concern that the sale would leave theU.S. Military dependent on a foreign company for vital hightechnology equipment. Pentagon officials said Defence SecretaryCaspar Weinberger also opposes to the sale.    U.S. Officials have also said the sale would give Fujitsu apowerful role in the U.S. Market for supercomputers whileJapan's supercomputer market remains closed to U.S. Sales.    Takemoto said national security should not be an issuesince the planned purchase of Fairchild from its current owner,Schlumberger Ltd &lt;SLB>, does not include Fairchild's maindefence-related division.    In addition, Takemoto said tension over the supercomputertrade should not affect the sale as Fairchild does not makesupercomputers.    Analysts noted that Fairchild does make sophisticatedmicrochips used in supercomputers. Fujitsu makes similar chipsand supplies them to U.S. Supercomputer makers, they said.    Takemoto also dismissed U.S. Fears that the proposedtakeover would violate U.S. Antitrust law, saying "the purchasewould not result in Fujitsu monopolising the U.S. Semiconductormarket."    Two separate issues appear to have come together to boostpressure to block the purchase, industry analysts said.    The move is in part an attempt to force Japan to open itsdomestic market to more U.S. Supercomputer sales, they said.    U.S. Officials have repeatedly charged that the Japanesepublic sector is closed to U.S. Supercomputer sales despiteU.S. Firms' technological lead in the field.    "The United States believes Japan will only react whenbullied, and this is a bullying ploy," Salomon Brothers Asiaanalyst Carole Ryavec said.    However, the analysts said more is at stake thansupercomputer sales as the U.S. Fears it is losing its vitalsemiconductor industry to Japanese competitors.    "The real issue is xenophobia in (the U.S.) Silicon Valley,"said Tom Murtha of brokerage James Capel and Co.    U.S.-Japanese tension over the semiconductor trade hasfailed to subside despite recent efforts by Japan's Ministry ofInternational Trade and Industry (MITI) to get Japanese firmsto abide by a bilateral pact aimed at halting predatory pricingand opening Japan's market.    A MITI official said that while Japan is faithfully abidingby the agreement, problems remain in halting the sale ofmicrochips in Europe and Southeast Asia at prices below thoseset by the pact.    "It is only a matter of time before we solve this problem,"he told Reuters.    Despite the furore, Fujitsu will proceed with talks on theacquisition in line with the basic agreement reached withSchlumberger last year, a Fujitsu spokeswoman told Reuters. REUTER&#3;