Leaks of a major Dutch officialeconomic forecast due to be published on Monday indicatereduced economic growth and a renewed rise in unemployment thisyear, political and market sources say.    Concern over an anticipated fall in Dutch competitivenessthis year against a background of an average 2-1/2 pct wageincrease, zero inflation and a firm guilder has triggered somecalls for a change in monetary policy to help boost growth.    But whatever the government's response, the central bankwill stick to its policy of keeping the guilder firm, they say.    The official forecasting agency Centraal Planbureau (CPB)publishes its 1987 outlook at the start of a week which willalso see a key parliamentary debate on government finances andthe economy.    Merchant bank Pierson, Heldring en Pierson - in an estimatereflecting general sentiment - said last month that Dutcheconomic growth was now seen around one pct.    Domestic consumer spending is not expected to offset thedecline in export growth caused by slowing growth in WestGermany, the main Dutch trading partner, and the lower dollar,Pierson said in its February economic outlook.    The latest growth forecasts are well below a 1.5 to two pctgrowth figure seen by the CPB early last month and forecasts of2.5 pct economic growth in 1987 made last September.    The fall in unemployment is bottoming out and thegovernment has already admitted it will not meet its goal ofreducing unemployment by an annual 50,000 from 1986 to 1990.    Some analysts and industry leaders have questioned centralbank policy of pegging the guilder firmly to the mark and ifnecessary keeping interest rates up to support the guilder.    Employers federation NCW chairman Fred Lempers criticisedthe guilder's revaluation in line with the West German mark inlast January's European Monetary System (EMS) realignment andexpressed concern over its effect on competitiveness.    But the employers federation VNO noted the Dutch economyhad become more competitive since 1980 and the fall of thedollar was affecting this gain more than the EMS realignment.    Some analysts also question the central bank's decision notto copy the latest Bundesbank discount rate cut and insteadlower money market rates and abolish a credit quota surcharge.    Central bank president Wim Duisenberg has defended the movesaying the bank had adjusted the rates with the most impact onthe money market, noting "the (4.5 pct) discount rate is at themoment not the most important Dutch rate because it is alreadyfar below the market rates."    Central bank officials say the heavy dependence on trade ofthe Dutch economy requires a stable exchange rate, and interestrate policies serve that goal.    Analysts noted a large capital outflow from the Netherlandsrecently as foreign investments in Dutch stock are being soldto take profits.    Loosening the tie between the guilder and the mark wouldreduce international confidence in the guilder and make it moredificult to attract foreign capital, they said, noting Dutchinterest rates rose sharply when the guilder was not revaluedcompletely in line with the mark in a 1983 EMS realignment.    Many Dutch banks have reacted favourably to the decisionnot to copy the last German discount rate cut, but Piersonwarned it could actually add to uncertainty over the guilder.    Some analysts noted friction between the Finance Ministryand the central bank, with Finance Minister Onno Ruding havingsaid before the Bundesbank discount rate cut he favoured lowerDutch rates but that the Germans should move first.    One analyst said Ruding wanted to bring interest rates downto reduce the government debt burden.    A Finance Ministry spokesman said lower interest rates wereneeded but denied any suggestion of conflicting views betweenthe ministry and the central bank. "The cabinet's policy issteady, the guilder has to stay with the mark," he said. REUTER&#3;