Sandoz AG &lt;SANZ.Z> wouldhave reported a percentage rise in net profits "close to doublefigures" rather than the actual two pct had it not been forNovember's warehouse fire, a senior company official said.    The official, who declined to be identified, told ReutersSandoz had made a substantial addition to reserves to cope withthe consequences of the accident at Schweizerhalle, whichcaused severe pollution of the Rhine.    Sandoz today reported without comment a rise in net profitsto 541 mln francs from the previous 529 mln and a five pctincrease in dividend to 105 francs per 250 franc nominal share.    This year began well, with the performance in January andFebruary at least equal to the same period last year, theofficial said.    The company is expected to give fuller details of itsresults at a news conference on April 22.    Sandoz has insisted that it is adequately insured to coverany liability arising from the accident.    The official said the addition to reserves was to cover the"one pct" of claims somehow not covered and any voluntarygestures it wanted to compensate for the effects of pollutionfrom the fire.    Sandoz has not given any figure for claims, which have beenflowing in from Switzerland and other countries bordering theRhine since the accident.    However, the official said the final figure would be "muchless than that cited in earlier comments." He gave no furtherdetails.    In line with fellow chemical giant Ciba-Geigy &lt;CIGZ.Z>,which reported last month, Sandoz profit and turnover were alsohit by the falling dollar, the official said.    Sales in local currency terms were up by 14 pct, withmarket share increases in the United States and Japan. But thiswas more than offset by a 15 pct negative foreign exchangeeffect, which produced the reported one pct drop in turnover to8.36 billion francs,the Sandoz official said.    Net profit at Ciba-Geigy dropped by 21 pct to 1.16 billionfrancs, while sales fell by 12 pct to 15.95 billion francs.    The third major Swiss chemical company, F. Hoffmann-LaRoche and Co &lt;HOFZ.Z> has not yet reported its results. REUTER&#3;