European coffee roasters and tradershave agreed to propose a new formula for calculatingInternational Coffee Organization, ICO, quotas, Dutch CoffeeTrade Association chairman chairman Frits van Horick said.    Van Horick, who is a council member of the European CoffeeFederation, was speaking at the end of the ECF annual meeting.    The new formula is based on six-year moving averages andwould give Brazil, the world's biggest coffee producer, anunchanged quota for the remaining two years of the currentcoffee agreement, van Horick said.    If accepted by the consumer and producer members of theICO, the formula could also be a basis for negotiating a newagreement, van Horick said.    Coffee quotas were suspended in February last year whenprices shot up on fears of a drought-induced crop disaster inBrazil.    Although prices are now considerably lower, consumers andproducers have been unable to agree on re-introduction.    "Brazil has been the most strongly against any change in theformula because it feared a lower quota. But our proposalleaves it very little to object to," van Horick said.    "The existing quota system is far too rigid and does notreflect supply and demand reality," he said. "Our formulabuilds flexibility into the system and will benefit almosteveryone."    Although full implications of the new formula have still tobe worked out, initial estimates suggest countries such asColombia, Kenya, Indonesia and Costa Rica would get slightlyhigher quotas, while others such as the Ivory Coast, ElSalvador and Nicaragua would lose quota share, van Horick said.    Because the proposal provides that future quotadistribution must reflect current demand and actual supply, itshould also prevent under-shipment of quota as countries doingso would automatically prejudice their following year's quota.    "If the ICO consumers accept our proposal it stands at leasta fair chance of being accepted by the producers at theSeptember meeting, most of whom are generally in favour of anew quota formula, " van Horick said.    At the same time much will depend on Brazil's attitude.    "Brazil is increasingly isolated on the producer side. Ifthere is no frost damage to its coffee crop over the next twomonths and most other producers favour our proposal, we mightjust get an agreement," van Horick added. Reuter&#3;