China will have a budget deficit of8.017 billion yuan in calendar 1987 compared with a 7.08billion deficit in 1986, Finance Minister Wang Bingqian said.    He told the National People's Congress, the State Councilhas decided to cut nearly all 1987 budgetary expenditures by 10pct from the 1986 level. He said expenditures for the past twoyears have been inflated.    Investment by localities in capital construction in 1987must fall by 50 pct from the 1986 level and state firms mustcut their losses by 30 pct, he said.    China will use 14.6 billion yuan in foreign loans in 1987,up from 7.87 billion in 1986, Wang said.    It must cut back on investment in capital construction,especially construction outside the state plan, he said. Fundsmust go into energy, transport, telecommunications, raw andsemi-finished materials and not into non-production sectors.    "In view of the country's financial difficulties this year,it has been decided that seven billion yuan of the budgetaryallocation for capital construction will be raised by thePeople's Bank through loans and the issuing of bonds," he said.    Wang said all localities and departments must strictlyconfine their 1987 capital investment to the amount set out inthe state budget, a 50 pct reduction from 1986 levels.    He said that because of financial difficulties, the statecannot increase spending on culture, education, science andpublic health in 1987 at the same rate as over the past fewyears. Expenditure in those sectors will rise by two pct.    The only allocations not to be affected by the general 10pct cutback are subsidies for price rises, repayment ofprincipal and interest on domestic and foreign loans, funds forthe disabled and spending for other social relief.    Wang said state firms must cut their total losses by 30 pctfrom the 1986 level, overhead expenses by 10 pct and rawmaterial consumption by two pct. Commercial firms must cuttheir deficits by 20 pct and running costs by two pct.    He said violations of financial and economic discipline arecommon, including tax evasion, false accounting, embezzlement,theft, extravagance and accepting and offering bribes. Suchpractices "have reached very serious proportions in some areas,departments and units" and must be dealt with seriously, hesaid.    Wang said 11.4 billion yuan worth of foreign loans havebeen arranged according to the 1986-90 plan, with 3.2 billiongoing to pay for foreign equipment in the Baoshan steel plantnear Shanghai.    He said China is running no risk in using more foreignloans, provided it prepares careful feasibility studies,borrows only what it can repay and uses the loans only todevelop production in priority sectors.    Wang said China plans to levy new taxes on the use ofarable land for non-farm purposes starting this year. Half therevenue generated will go to the state and half to localitiesto be used in the development of agriculture.    The only new spending is 11 billion yuan to be used tocover tax reductions and increased subsidies for big andmedium-size state firms and textile and other light industries.The money will also pay for increases in the state purchasingprices of some grain, cotton and oil-yielding crops, he said. REUTER&#3;