As pressure mounted on British PrimeMinister Margaret Thatcher to call a June election, she saidtoday that the decision on when to go to the county was hersand hers alone.    She was speaking to parliament after senior members of theruling Conservative Party urged her to call elections due inJune 1988 a year early in the wake of two more opinion pollsgiving her party a commanding lead.    Asked by a Conservative back-bencher for an assurance thatthe decision was hers alone, and did not depend on "media hype,pressure and speculation," she replied: "The date of the nextelection will be decided by Downing Street, not Fleet Street."    Downing Street is the Prime Minister's official residence,Fleet Street the traditional home of the British nationalpress.    A Harris poll for the breakfast-time program TV-AM gave theTories 43 pct of the vote, representing a majority of 132 seatsin parliament, their biggest lead since the party's landslidevictory in the 1983 elections.    In The Times of London, a MORI poll gave the Tories a 92seat majority. It was the sixth poll to show the ruling partywith a big lead over the opposition Labour Party and thefast-improving centrist Alliance.    Leading the chorus urging Thatcher to go to the polls inJune, Sir Marcus Fox, vice-chairman of the influential 1922committee of Conservative back-benchers, said: "I have alwaysfelt that it would be June, and this reinforces my view.    "I always thought June was right. We have got most of ourlegislation through and to go beyond that I do not think wouldbe in the national interest."    Another Tory back-bencher, Anthony Beaumont-Dark, said: "Ihave always been an October man, but I think it would be goodto get it out of the way now."    Their comments came as government officials dismissedspeculation about a snap election to coincide with local pollsin May, timed to reap maximum advantage from the recentpopularity surge, Thatcher's successful trip to Moscow andLabour's current popularity slump.    Calls for a May poll were also prompted by Tory concernover a steady advance by the Alliance, and the possibility thatif it continues it could rob the Conservatives of an overallmajority in parliament.    Today's MORI poll showed an Alliance gain of eight pointsover the past month in around 100 key marginal seats where theoutcome of the next election is likely to be decided. Reuter&#3;