Imperial Chemical Industries PLC, thelargest chemical company in the United Kingdom, will expand itsspecialty chemicals and drug businesses this year, and betterits 1986 results, said chairman-elect Denys Henderson.    "We expect to shift our company toward higher value-addedbusinesses and continue to broaden our base," Henderson toldreporters at an informal meeting here.    ICI today announced the formation of a new U.S.drug company, ICI Pharma, which, with its StuartPharmaceuticals unit, it said will double its currentpharmaceutical sales to 1.1 billion dlrs by 1990.    Henderson said, "Our pharmaceutical business gets lost inthe way that Glaxo's (Glaxo Holdings PLC) does not."    ICI's pharmaceutical division is the second largest drugmaker behind Glaxo in the U.K. Last year U.S. drug sales wereabout 40 pct of its worldwide drug sales of 1.5 billion dlrs,which in turn brought in 27 pct of its total profits.    He estimated that by 1990, ICI's pharmaceutical divisionwould account for about 30 pct of total company profits.    "The drug division far and away brings in the highest rateof return," said A.W. Clements, finance director of ICI, whowas also at the meeting.    Henderson said the new U.S. drug concern would basicallyact as a second sales force to double the exposure of its drugsto doctors. ICI will hire 145 new salespeople by October one.    Henderson said the major new products in the company'spipeline, expected to each bring in sales of over 200 mln dlrsannually, were Statil, a treatment for diabetic complications,Zoladex, a treatment for advanced prostate cancer, and Carwin,a treatment for mild to moderate congestive heart failure.    Henderson said U.S. Food and Drug Administration approvalto market Statil and Zoladex, both under joint licensingagreements with Merck and Co Inc &lt;MRK>, is not expected untilabout 1989. ICI expects to file for permission to market Carwinin the U.S. later this year.    Henderson said the company's 1987 results would top 1986income of 888 mln dlrs or 5.45 dlrs per ADR on sales of 15billion dlrs, but he declined to specify by how much.    Henderson said 1987's results would be boosted by GliddenPaints, which ICI bought last November for 580 mln dlrs from aunit of Hanson Industries Inc.    Henderson also said that ICI has about nine billion dlrsavailable for acquisitions. Last year the company made 40acquisitions, the largest being Glidden. He said that moreacquisitions may be made this year but he ruled out anacquisition of a pharmaceutical concern as "too expensive."    Henderson said that in his new role of chairman, effectiveApril one when he takes over from Sir John Harvey-Jones whowill retire, the biggest challenge ahead lay in continuing theearnings momentum ICI has established over the past few yearsafter restructuring and selling off unprofitable businesses.    Reuter&#3;