The European Community (EC) accused theUnited States of violating a political commitment to free tradethrough practices including a tax on imported gasoline and acustoms user fee.    EC ambassador Tran Van-Thinh made the formal charge to thesurveillance body of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade(GATT), GATT spokesman David Woods told reporters.    Woods also said the EC was joined by the United States incriticising Brazil for extending its list of products for whichimport licenses have been temporarily suspended, so as toimprove its balance of payments.    The United States charged Japan with violating GATT rulesby restricting imports of agricultural products through animport licensing system. The United States asked forconsultations with Tokyo on the issue.    Tran charged that the trade measures contravened apolitical commitment to halt and reverse trade barriers,pledged by ministers in Punta del Este last September.    When ministers established the four year Uruguay round tonegotiate freer trade in 13 areas, they set up the GATTsurveillance body to monitor this commitment, known in GATTjargon as "standstill and rollback."    Tran criticised Washington for the "superfund" tax on oilimports, a customs user fee, and the removal of a specialmachine tool (known as category FSC34) from its governmentprocurement list for reasons of national security.    Warren Lavorel, a U.S. Trade official, defended thepolicies, saying they did not violate GATT trade rules.    The surveillance body will send a record of today's talksto the Trade Negotiating Committee, which oversees the round,to decide any further action on the charges.    The oil tax and customs user fee have already been thesubject of formal GATT dispute panels set up outside theUruguay Round to rule on the legality of the practices.    The ruling GATT Council yesterday adopted a dispute panel'sreport and ruled that the U.S. Superfund tax on oil importsbreached trade rules. It called on Washington to modify itslegislation.    Mexico and Canada, along with the European Community,brought the dispute to the GATT last year. Reuter&#3;