Four of West Germany's five leadingeconomic research institutes warned that excessive monetarygrowth threatened a resurgence of inflation.    But in a dissenting view the DIW institute in West Berlin,echoing recent statements by leading Bundesbank officials, saidthe expansion seen over the last 1-1/2 years did notnecessarily threaten stability.    The five institutes issued a joint spring report, in whichthree -- Kiel, Hamburg and Essen -- forecast a two pct rise inGNP in 1987, while West Berlin and Munich predicted one pct.    The four institutes said an expansive policy was welcome inview of the slowdown in economic activity. But experience hasshown that strong monetary growth eventually leads to a pricerise which undoes the beneficial effects of monetary policy.    Given virtual zero inflation in West Germany such fears mayseem exaggerated, they said.    "But it has often turned out in the past that the priceclimate can quickly deteriorate, forcing the central bank intoa restrictive policy," they said.    The economic costs of a preventive stability policy areless than fighting inflation once it has taken hold, they said.    The four institutes disputed the view that monetaryexpansion would slow of its own accord in 1987 as domesticinvestors switch liquidity into longer term capital marketinvestments following lower interest rates.    "Such redispositions may temporarily dampen the expansion ofcentral bank money stock, but do not automatically lead to asmaller expansion of money supply," they said.    A return to growth and stability did not requirespectacular central bank moves, but could be done quietly withopen market operations and repurchase pacts, which would avoidan interest rate rise by dampening inflationary expectations.    The DIW institute said monetary policy should not befocused simply on growth of production potential. Because ofuncertainty about exchange rate developments and economicweakness other factors should be taken into account.    Monetary policy should aim for further interest rate cutsand avoid rises to boost the economy and discourage revaluationspeculation. Recent strong monetary expansion was not a threatin itself to price stability.    The 1979/81 inflation following strong 1977/78 money growthreflected other causes, such as rising oil prices and thefalling mark. REUTER&#3;