British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L> said itintended to make a tender offer for the 45 pct of Standard OilCo &lt;SRD.N> it does not already own at 70 dlrs a share cash, fora total of 7.4 billion if the offer is fully accepted.    The offer would be made through its &lt;BP North America Inc>unit and was intended to commence not later than April 1. Theoffer would not be conditional on any minimum number of sharesbeing tendered.    BP said in a statement the 70 dlr a share price was basedon its own valuation as well as those of its financialadvisers. It took into account reviews of both public andnon-public information.    Standard closed in New York last night at 64-7/8 dlrs, down1-3/4 dlrs.    BP shares dropped on the announcement to 877p from 888p atlast night's close.    About a third of the cash payable would be met from BP'sown resources.    The remainder would come from new borrowings, partly frombanks under a four-year committed revolving credit facility andpartly from a a new U.S. Dlr commercial paper programme. Thecompany said it was in the course of arranging thesefacilities.    BP Chairman Sir Peter Walters said that the group'sinvestment in Standard was its largest single asset. Fullownership would enable investment and operating decisions to bemade without the limitations of a minority interest.    BP also believed the acquisition represented the optimumuse of its financial resources. It was confident oil priceswere likely to remain within a range sufficient to justify theinvestment.    Walters added that it also felt that, due to managementchanges in 1986, Standard could now operate successfully evenin a lower oil price environment.    Standard's net assets at end-1986 were 7.02 billion dlrsand in the year it reported a loss of 1.08 billion dlrs beforetax and before an extraordinary item of 608 mln dlrs.    Analysts said that the move by BP had come as a surprise.One noted that it was not immediately clear why the groupshould spend so much money buying a company it alreadycontrolled.    BP could also have bought up the remainder of Standardshares considerably cheaper had it moved six months ago.    It was also unclear what effect the tender would have onthe U.K. Government's recent announcement that it intended todispose of its remaining 31.7 pct stake in BP sometime in the1987/88 financial year, analysts said.    Analyst Paul Spedding of brokers Kleinwort Grieveson notedthat any effect on the government sale of its stake in BP woulddepend on the reaction of the markets.    The deal would probably push BP's gearing up to around 59pct from 20 pct currently, he said.    However, with the likelihood that oil prices would notrepeat last year's rapid drop the prospects for Standardreturning to profitability this year -- and BP benefitting fromits cash flow -- were good.    Standard was a high cost oil producer, the analysts noted.    Spedding noted that it needed about 12 dlrs a barrel tomake money, and at about 15 dlrs a barrel revenue fromproduction and its downstream activities would push itcomfortably into surplus.    BP initially took a stake in Standard following thediscovery of oil in Alaska's Prudhoe bay in 1969. BP hadinadequate distribution facilities in the U.S. While Standard,which was strong on marketing and refining, was short on crudeoil.    The analysts said that BP had promoted a major managementreorganisation of Standard in the past year.    The probability that much of the shake-up at Standard wasnow complete was one possible factor behind the timing of thetender offer, Spedding said.    BP's willingness to take hard decisions such as majorbalance sheet write offs and the sale of assets had been wellreceived in the markets.    The lower costs that should now be possible -- especiallyafter the rationalisation of the loss making minerals division-- should allow the benefits of an oil price recovery to comestraight through to 1987 profits without being cut back byother sectors. REUTER&#3;