Swiss bankers announced a series ofmeasures aimed at preventing abuses of the country's tightbanking secrecy laws as part of a revision of a 10-year-oldvoluntary code of conduct.    The measures follow renewed controversy over the limits ofSwiss secrecy, prompted by recent allegations that both formerPhilippine President Ferdinand Marcos and U.S. Officials linkedwith the arms-for-Iran scandal had accounts here.    The Swiss Bankers Association said it wanted to curb theright of bank clients to hide their identity behind lawyers.    The association said it would insist that banks identifyanyone doing cash business at the counter worth more than100,000 francs, down from a current 500,000.    Banks would continue to be required to identify theirclients in other cases and pledge not actively to help capitalflight, or tax fraud. They would also still face fines of up to10 mln francs in case of abuse.    "The Bankers Association is convinced that this newagreement will give the banks an instrument which willguarantee banking secrecy and help the standing of Swissbanking both home and abroad," the statement said.    The code, once approved by member banks, will go into forceon October 1. The original dates from 1977.    Controversy surrounding the alleged use and then freezingof bank accounts here linked with Marcos and with the U.S.Arms-for-Iran scandal have again directed attention on therevision of the code.    The recent busting of a major international drug ring alsogave fresh evidence Swiss banks had been used for "laundering"drug money.    The Banking Commission, responsible for overseeing thebanks, said at the end of last year it wanted a drasticreduction in clients' ability to hide behind lawyers andfiduciary agents, a proposal criticised by lawyers.    Steering a middle way, the association said today thatlawyers doing banking business on behalf of clients would infuture have to pledge they were not doing so merely to preservethe clients' identity nor only for a short period of time.    Until now, lawyers have only been obliged to sign a formpledging that their clients are not misusing their anonymityfor illegal purposes. REUTER&#3;