Australia's crudeoil tax strategy is probably best tackled in terms of atargeted rather than broadly-based approach, Federal Resourcesand Energy Minister Gareth Evans told a meeting here.    He told the Australian Petroleum Exploration Association(APEA) annual conference there was a prospect of developing apackage that would recognise the government's economicpriorities while also meeting some of the industry's concerns.    Evans was referring to a nearly completed government reviewof oil taxation.    Evans said there were plenty of examples where targetedapproaches to oil industry taxation had produced good resultsin recent years.    These include the reduction in the top marginal crudeexcise rate on 'old' Bass Strait oil found before September1975 to 80 pct from 87 pct, and the waiver of excise on onshoreoil announced last September, he said.    The industry, through the APEA, has been calling for theelimination of secondary taxation on oil in order to boostincentives for prospecting against a background of weak pricesand Australia's relatively low exploration levels.    "While nobody wants to add further unnecessary complexity toan already complex taxation regime, I am inclined to favourthese kinds of tailored approaches ahead of sweeping changes,which leave (government) revenue much reduced and may stillleave a lot of uncertainty as to what individual companies aregoing to do in major areas," Evans said.    He said the government did not intend to change itsresource rent taxation (RRT) legislation, now beforeparliament, in response to industry calls to allow allexploration expenditure in a given area to be deductible.    As previously reported, RRT is a tax of 40 pct limited tohighly prospective offshore areas, based on profits after acertain rate of return has been achieved for individualprojects.    APEA has said it is not a true profit-based tax becauseexploration deductibility is limited to successful projects.    Evans said the decision not to change RRT was based morethan anything on the government's desire to ensure thecertainty and stability of the new regime, adding that majorinvestments have already been planned on the existing groundrules. REUTER&#3;