Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc said thatrelatively stable oil prices and the bank's planned merger withChemical New York Corp &lt;CHL> would help 1987 earnings increasefrom last year's profits of 20 mln dlrs.    Texas Commerce chairman Ben Love, in an interview withReuters, did not elaborate on how much the bank expectedearnings to increase.    "We would anticipate that this year would be an improvementover last because we are stronger," Love said, referring toTexas Commerce's pending 1.19 billion dlr merger with Chemical.The merger, which may be finalized as early as May 1, willlower Texas Commerce's cost of funding by an estimated 10 to 15basis points, Love said.    The Texas Commerce-Chemical merger is the only acquisitionby a major out-of-state bank since Texas lawmakers approvedinterstate banking effective January 1.    Hard-hit by loan losses in energy and real estate in Texas'struggling economy, the only major Texas banks able to reportprofits in 1986 were Texas Commerce and RepublicBank whichearned 54.0 mln dlrs. Allied Bancshares Inc &lt;ALBN> lost 17.6mln dlrs, MCorp &lt;M> lost 82.1 mln dlrs, InterFirst lost 326.5mln dlrs and First City Bancorporation &lt;FBT>, which is activelyseeking a merger or other form of new capital, lost 402.0 mlndlrs.    Love said Texas Commerce had turned the corner on itsenergy loan portfolio problems, but added that the bank'snonperforming real estate loans may increase during 1987.    "I think the tidal wave in energy has passed over us," hesaid. "The fact that the real estate market is still movingaway suggests there could be some continuing growth ofnonperforming loans."    In 1986, about 42 pct of Texas Commerce's net loan lossesrelated to real estate lending and 13 pct was due to energyloan losses. That compares to 1985 when only 17 pct of thebank's losses were in real estate and energy accounted for 43pct.    More than half of Texas Commerce's nonperforming loans,which totaled 968 mln dlrs at yearend 1986, up from 840 mlndlrs the year before, were in real estate.    Love said he believed the real estate loan problems forTexas Commerce and other major state banks would peak by thethird or fourth quarter of 1987. Absorption of empty officebuildings in Houston, which has a current vacancy rate of about30 pct, will be a gradual process that could take up to fouryears, he said.    "I think we may be beginning to stabilize this economy. Oilat 18 dlrs a barrel brings much more confidence than 10 dlrs abarrel," he said.    Texas Commerce will retain its name as a separatesubsidiary of Chemical and plans to aggressively expand itsholdings throughout Texas, offering additional products tobuild up its consumer banking business, Love said. "We areresuming what we did best for years -- an offensive position,"he said.    In January, Texas Commerce acquired a failed bank inMontgomery County, adjacent to the Houston metropolitan area,and earlier this month opened a new bank in San Antonio. TexasCommerce plans to add more banks in San Antonio and in theDallas-Fort Worth area where it currently has only 16 memberbanks, he said.    One day after the Texas Commerce acquisition was announcedin December, InterFirst Corp &lt;IFC> and RepublicBank Corp &lt;RPT>,both headquartered in Dallas, agreed to merge in a deal valuedat 570 mln dlrs.    The combination of former archrivals RepublicBank andInterFirst, giving the two banks a virtual lock on the Dallasbanking market, has not changed Texas Commerce's expansionplans for the state's second-largest city, Love said. "We thinkwe can try to get a little part of their roost," he said.    The Chemical partnership will also give Texas Commerce anedge in developing new consumer products, he said.    "We have always been a wholesale bank but we have more thanone million customers all over the state. Chemical will show ushow to take advantage of enhancing our consumer products," hesaid, referring to expansion of such existing products ascredit cards and investment banking. Reuter&#3;