Momentum in th U.S. economy may bepicking up given solid across-the board increases in theFebruary U.S. employment report, economists said.    U.S. non-farm payroll employment rose 337,000 in February,twice what the financial markets expected. This follows a319,000 gain in January, revised down from a previouslyreported 448,000 increase.    "Even if you look at January and February together, this isstill a much stronger report than the consensus expectation inthe market," said Allan Leslie of Discount Corporation.    Economists stressed that gains in hours worked signal muchlarger gains in February U.S. production and income thanpreviously forecast.    The average work week rose 0.2 hours to 35.0 hours from34.8 hours in January. The average manufacturing work week rose0.3 hours to 41.2 hours, the longest factory work week sinceNovember 1966, the Commerce Department said.    "The gains in manufacturing employment point to a verylarge increase in industrial production of between 0.5 and 0.7pct," said Joe Carson of Chemical Bank. This compares to a 0.4pct  gain in January U.S. industrial production.    Peter Greenbaum of Smith Barney Harris Upham and Co Incnoted that the average wage rate increased to 8.87 dlrs an hourin February from 8.83 dlrs in January.    "Combined with the increase in hours worked, this meanswe'll get a pretty healthy gain in personal income vis-a-visthe wage and salary disbursement," he said.    Greenbaum said that February U.S. personal income shouldrise at least 0.5 pct after being flat in January.    He said the February employment gains are consistent withhis firm's first quarter U.S. real gross national productgrowth forecast of 3.7 pct.    Economists agreed that the employment data were negativefor the credit markets in that they signal a healthier economyand no easing in the Federal Reserve's monetary policy. Butmost said that the market need not fear tighter policy either.    "This report is another reason for the Fed to not considereasing," said Ray Stone of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc.    "It gives them more room to address the dollar situation," hesaid. "If they had to nudge policy tighter, they could do so,but it's most likely they'll sit and wait."    "The data have not been uniform," Stone added. "Durablegoods were weak in January and now employment is strong."    In January, U.S. durable goods orders dropped 7.5 pct,followed by a 4.0 pct drop in U.S. factory goods orders. U.S.retail sales fell 5.8 pct, and the U.S. merchandise trade gapwidened to 14.8 billion dlrs.    "Things just aren't adding up," said Steve Slifer of LehmanGoverment Securities Inc. "Consumer spending, capital spending,goverment spending, and net exports data show very weak firstquarter GNP growth of one pct," he said.    "The employment and production data point to a biginventory build-up, but that's what we thought in the fourthquarter and we only got 1.3 pct GNP growth."    Manufacturing employment gained 50,000 after falling 15,000in January. Economists estimated that 30,000 of the gain wasaccounted for by striking workers in the steel and machineryindustries returning to work.    Even so, some economists said that the manufacturing gainshave resulted from an improving trade outlook.    Jason Benderly of Goldman, Sachs and Co noted that the U.S.trade picture improved in the fourth quarter as net exportsgrew at a 20 pct annual rate while the rate of increase inimports fell to only six pct, and that it continues to improvein the first quarter.    "Not only the official statistics for the fourth quarter,but evidence of a pick up in orders from overseas for paperproducts, chemicals, high-tech goods, and capital goods showthat trade is improving," Benderley said.    "The economy is moving between extremes," he said. "Somereports are going to look bad and some good, but first quarterGNP is going to grow in the middle at about three pct."    A 287,000 gain in services employment comprised the greaterpart of February's employment gain. Retail services employmentrose 129,000 in February, compared to a gain of 117,000 inJanuary, previously reported at 166,000.    Construction employment rose a slim 2,000 in February. Butthis follows a robust 113,000 gain in January, revised downfrom a previously reported 142,000 gain.    The U.S. civilian unemployment rate was unchanged inFebruary at 6.7 pct. This means the jobless rate has stayed at6.7 pct for three consecutive months, the lowest reading sinceMarch 1980, the Commerce Department noted.    "The Federal Reserve has to be pleased with this report,"Carson said. "This takes away the Fed's flexibility to ease,but there's no reason to tighten. It's way too early for that."       Reuter&#3;