European Community finance ministersand central bankers meet in Belgium this weekend to discussstrengthening Europe's joint currency float amid continuingworries about turbulence on foreign exchanges.    Belgian Finance Minister Mark Eyskens, who will host theinformal talks, told Reuters the ministers and central bankchiefs would discuss the situation on currency markets in thelight of the February agreement among leading industrialisedcountries to stabilise exchange rates around present levels.    In an interview, Eyskens said he felt the Paris accordbetween the United States, Japan, West Germany, France, Britainand Canada had proved itself "more or less workable."    But doubts over its effectiveness and durability have beengrowing since fears of a trade war between the United Statesand Japan over computer microchips pushed the dollar to arecord low against the surging yen early this week.    The talks, at the Belgian resort of Knokke, are being heldto coordinate the EC's positions on monetary issues and ThirdWorld debt ahead of the Spring meetings of the InternationalMonetary Fund and World Bank in Washington next week.    The EC gathering begins tonight with a dinner but the maindiscussions will take place tomorrow.    Continued international currency turbulence could undermineplans for reinforcing the European Monetary System, the jointfloat holding eight EC currencies within narrow fluctuationbands, which will feature high on the weekend agenda.    Eyskens has repeatedly said that Europe needs a period ofcalm on world currency markets, and in particular a more stabledollar, before it can set about strengthening the EMS to makeit more resilient against exchange rate swings.    The EMS has been taking a battering over the last year asthe falling dollar has sent funds surging into the dominant EMScurrency, the West German mark, forcing ministers to undertaketwo major realignments of parities within nine months.    In the interview, Eyskens made clear he was hoping for awide-ranging discussion on the future of the eight-year-old EMSon the basis of proposals for bolstering it drawn up by theEC's Monetary Committee and the Committee of Central BankGovernors.    The committees were asked to come up with the proposalsafter the last reshuffle of EMS exchange rates in January.    Eyskens repeated calls for the European Currency Unit, thefledgling EC currency at the core of the system, to take overthe mark's dominant role in the EMS - a proposal that has metwith a cool response in West Germany.    He said EC Commission President Jacques Delors would reportto the meeting on problems raised by plans to liberalisecapital movements fully within the 12-nation bloc by 1992, suchas the need for harmonising taxes and banking controls.    Eyskens said liberalisation of capital movements withoutstrengthening the EMS would be an element of destabilisation inthe Community.     He said the crucial issue in the debate was whether memberstates were willing to push further towards the EC's goal ofmonetary integration on the basis of an EMS that includedmanagement of exchange rates by some kind of commoninstitution, instead of by national central banks as atpresent.    Plans for the creation of such an institution, foreseen bythe EMS's founding fathers, have been thwarted by thereluctance of some countries, notably West Germany, to gove uptheir sovereignty in the monetary field.    EMS development has also been held up by Britain's refusalso far to join the system's core exchange rate mechanism. REUTER&#3;