In their search for ways to cutspending on U.S. farm programs, policymakers and their advisershere are citing trading in options contracts as an alternativeto federal income and price supports.    Critics of costly federal farm programs maintain that thegovernment could get out of guaranteeing minimum support pricesif farmers systematically used options contracts to protectthemselves against vacillating market prices.    "With agricultural options now available, there is less needfor government price support programs to provide pricestability for farmers," the Heritage Foundation, a conservativethink tank, said in a recent position paper.    "Washington no longer needs to restrict the level andvariability of commodity market prices. Farmers and others inagribusiness can now achieve the benefits of price stability bytrading in option markets," the paper, written by ClemsonUniversity professor Kandice Kahl, said.    Critics of farm programs contend that options offer thebenefits of price support programs without entailing the costto taxpayers.    Kahl's paper urged farmers to buy "put" options in order toobtain the right to sell at a particular price to the privateseller of the option contract.    "This gives the farmer a guaranteed price, but still allowshim to profit from higher market prices, if they are available,by foregoing his option," Kahl said.    Interest in promoting understanding of options tradingamong farmers also has been stirred in Congress by a proposedchange in agricultural policy that would have the effect ofexposing participants in federal farm programs to fluctuationsin income subsidies.    The proposal -- supported by the Reagan administration anda cross-section of lawmakers -- would allow farmers to receiveat least 92 pct of their income subsidies regardless of howmuch they planted.    Under current law, farmers enrolled in federal pricestabilization programs receive income subsidies, or deficiencypayments, equal to the difference between a set target priceand the higher of the support price or market price.    The so-called decoupling plan, or "0/92", would aim tocurtail surplus production by eliminating the requirement thatfarmers plant in order to receive deficiency payments.    Critics of "0/92" plan contend that if the scheme succeededin curbing surplus output, market prices would rise anddeficiency payments fall -- leaving farmers who chose not toplant with shrunken income subsidies and no crops to sell.    Sen. Rudy Boschwitz (R-Minn.), who has been in theforefront of efforts to decouple income support from acreageplantings, advocates replacing the variable deficiency paymentwith a fixed and gradually declining payment.    But many farm state lawmakers are turned off by the idea ofoffering fixed subsidies to farmers who plant nothing.    Some congressional staff members said they are intrigued bythe notion of having the federal government subsidize thepurchase of "call" options to help farmers hedge their incomerisk.    By buying a call option, the farmer would obtain the rightto buy a commodity at a particular price. If the market pricerose above that option price, the farmer could exercise theoption and sell the commodity on the spot market, making upmost of the reduction in the deficiency payment.    An aide to Boschwitz said the senator might offerlegislation linking options and decoupling, but that it mighthave to await the results of a pilot project on futures andoptions trading mandated by the 1985 farm bill.    The bill required USDA, in association with the CommodityFutures Trading Commission, to conduct a pilot program in atleast 40 counties which produce major program crops.    The program, only recently launched, was designed toencourage producers to participate in futures and optionsmarkets and to ensure that producers' net returns would notfall below the county loan level for the crops in question. Reuter&#3;