If the dollar goes the way of Wall Street,Japanese will finally move out of dollar investments in aserious way, Japan investment managers say.    The Japanese, the dominant foreign investors in U.S. Dollarsecurities, have already sold U.S. Equities.    But "if the dollar falls steeply, which did not happenyesterday, Japanese investors will definitely try to withdrawsignificant funds from U.S. Shares," said Akira Kawakami, deputymanager of Nomura Investment Trust and Management Co Ltd'sinternational investment department.    An unstable, lower dollar would also affect Japaneseinvestment in U.S. Bonds. "Japan-U.S. Interest ratedifferentials, which currently look wide enough, mean nothingin the absence of dollar stability," said Kawakami.    U.S. Bonds could benefit due to a gloomy economic picturefollowing the estimated huge losses in stocks by major U.S.Institutional and individual investors, he said. The effectshould be to rule out any U.S. Interest rate rise.    But most Japanese investors in U.S. Bonds are still wiatingto see if the dollar really is stable, he said. The dollar washolding firm at above 142 yen on Tuesday morning.    "Although Japanese investors sold huge amounts of stocks inNew York yesterday, most are still looking for chances tolighten their U.S. Stock inventories," Hiromitsu Sunada, managerof Meiji Mutual Life Insurance Co's international investmentdepartment said.    Their sales helped send Wall Street stocks down 508 pointsto 1,738, the market's biggest percentage drop since 1914.    "Investment in U.S. Stocks and bonds is difficult,considering the dangers," said Katsuhiko Okiyama, deputy generalmanager and chief adviser of Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's fixedincome securities marketing group.    Japanese investment at home could start to pick up oncemarkets have stopped reacting to Wall Street, the managerssaid. The Tokyo yen bond market is likely to stabilise in oneor two weeks, which is what investors have been waiting for.The bottom for yen bonds should be around a 6.3 pct yield forthe 5.1 pct 89th bond, they said.    "The basic background which has supported the stocks andbonds markets has not changed," said Norio Okutsu, assistantgeneral manager of Nikko Securities' bond department. "But newoutflows of funds to the U.S. Will be decreasing."  However,this was already evident three months ago, he said. REUTER&#3;