The European Community's (EC)executive Commission defended attacks on major elements of itsambitious program to rid the EC of its controversial farmsurpluses, after strong attacks from northern states.    Britain and West Germany, backed by the Netherlands andDenmark, opposed a proposed tax on edible oils and fats whichhas already sparked strong protest from exporters to the EC ledby the U.S. and from EC consumer groups, diplomats said.    But EC Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen toldjournalists he had warned ministers that failure to agree thetax, proposed last month as part of the Commission's annualfarm price package, would leave a large hole in the group'sbudget.    He added that he hoped states had not yet made their mindup for good. "I hope the debate is still open, if not there willbe a formidable hole in the budget," he said.    The shortfall could reach two billion dollars in 1988 andwould be only slightly less this year, he said.    Foreign ministers were taking a first look at the tax aheadof farm ministers in a move described by diplomats asunprecedented and welcomed by Andriessen as a sign ministersrecognised the importance of reforming the EC's farm policy.    The proposed tax is designed to provide the EC with extracash to finance community oilseed crops at their current levelsand to brake a dramatic decrease in olive oil consumption bymaking it more competitive with other oils.    Andriessen noted the EC has over two mln olive oilproducers, mostly small farmers, who could be helped by thetax.    "What we are suggesting is reasonable, it should be betterunderstood not just outside the community but at home," he said.    Britain, normally a keen advocate of radical changes in theEC's costly farm subsidies system, warned the proposal toimpose the tax on both domestic and imported oils and fatscould seriously damage the EC's trade relations with othercountries.    Britain also warned that the tax could hit developingcountries already receiving aid from the EC, they said.    The Commission also defended proposals to dismantleMonetary Compensatory Amounts (MCA) -- a system of cross bordersubsidies and taxes to level out foreign exchange fluctuationsfor farm exports -- against harsh West German criticism.    In a letter this weekend from Chancellor Helmut Kohl to ECexecutive Commission President, Jacques Delors, Kohl made clearsuch a dismantling would mainly hit West German farmers.    Diplomats said West Germany again repeated its criticism atthe talks here but Andriessen told journalists that Germany hadbeen alone in its opposition. The question was a key aspect ofthe Commission's farm price proposals, he added.   Ministers also agreed a 3.5 billion dlrs scheme to rid theEC of its butter mountain, despite Spanish and Portugueseopposition.    The scheme will pay for the disposal of one mln tonnes ofunwanted butter, by selling it at knock-down prices, turning itinto animal feed or exporting it at subsidised prices.    National capitals are due to be reimbursed later out ofsavings from another plan to curb milk production.    Diplomats said Spain and Portugal have been angered by thescheme, which they feel forces them to pay for massivesurpluses built up before they joined the community last year,but the two countries did not block today's vote. Reuter&#3;