The European Community (EC) agreed atrade deal with Argentina designed to compensate the countryfollowing the entry of Spain and Portugal into the group, ECofficials said.    Under the deal agreed by EC foreign ministers, Argentinawill gain additional trading rights on a series of productsincluding meat, fish and cereals by-products.    But ministers failed to agree on new trade deals withCanada and Japan and are due to study these again, theofficials said.    The deal with Argentina was agreed by a majority of ECstates after West Germany withdrew objections to increasedquotas for Argentina on high-quality beef.    Ireland and France continued to oppose the deal on meat,saying that the main dispute was over sales of cerealssubstitutes, but they were outvoted by the other states, theofficials said. Under the deal, Argentina will benefit fromimproved quotas on exports of beef to the EC. In particular thequota on high-quality Hilton beef will be raised by 4,500tonnes to 34,300 tonnes and quotas on frozen boneless beef willbe increased by 3,000 tonnes to 53,000 tonnes.    Argentina will also benefit from an additional quota of5,000 tonnes of frozen hake fillets at 10 pct duty and reducedlevies on 550,000 tonnes of wheat bran, the officials said.    The improved trade terms were offered after Argentina saidthat Spain and Portugal's entry into the EC affected theirexports of cereals substitutes to these two countries. Theyhave been negotiated under the rules of GATT (General Agreementon Tariffs and Trade).    But officials said ministers had been unable to resolveCanadian claims that its sales of certain fish to Spain hadbeen affected by the country's EC membership.    Officials said the EC had asked GATT to arbitrate on thefish dispute with Canada.    Ministers also decided to continue talks with Japan. The ECclaims that Spain and Portugal's entry into the group hasimproved trade conditions for Japan but has been unsatisfiedwith Japanese offers of compensation.    Japan's main offers were to improve inspection systems oncitrus fruits to aid EC exports, to improve tariffs for someother farm produce, to increase tariffs for leather footwearand to offer better trade terms for Spain and Portugal.    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq toldjournalists: "We maintain our position that the (Japanese)concessions were not enough."    "We hope that there will be an improvement," he said. Reuter&#3;