Several industrial nations arepressing the United States to consider whether its debtstrategy, under increasing fire in the developing world, needsto be strengthened, monetary sources say.    While few nations are ready to pour vast sums of money intoradical "debt relief" style solutions to the debt crisis,pressure is building for a greater International Monetary Fundrole in the plan.    But U.S. officials, who are fighting off demands for changeby Congress, are confident they will retain support for theirstrategy which will probably be endorsed in a communiqueissued by the IMF's policy-making Interim Committee.    One Reagan administration official said a recent discussionamong leading industrial countries showed there was "very broadand strong support for continuing the strategy".    The official said in an interview, "I don't sense thatthere's a strong desire to revise the debt strategy, except ofcourse here on (Capitol) Hill."    But monetary sources said some industrial nations, likeFrance and Italy, are troubled by signs the strategy isincreasingly strained. Britain too is said to be concerned.    In late 1985, Washington called on multilateral developmentbanks, like the World Bank, and commercial banks to increaseloans to the 15 major debtors by 29 billion dlrs over threeyears.    In return, the major debtors were expected to undertakereforms promoting inflation-free economic growth, more openmarkets and a reduced government role in the economy.    The IMF was to retain a "central role" in the strategy,shifting its economic reform programs from emphasizingausterity to stressing growth, freer trade policies and foreigninvestment in debtor nations.    But monetary sources said some nations want even moreflexibility from the IMF when it sets economic programs tied toloans for debtor nations.    Such flexibility would include less rigid economic targets-- which often lead to artificial crises when they are not met-- and more reliance on ranges and benchmarks to monitoreconomic performance.    There is also concern that the level of IMF lending is toolow and the commercial banks, themselves under attack fortawdry loan levels to debtors, want to see it increased.    The IMF, which holds its semi-annual meetings with theWorld Bank next week, will only be a small net lender thisyear. Much of its loan disbursements are offset by repayments.    Meanwhile, most countries, including the United States,acknowledge the banks have not lived up to their commitments.    Paul Volcker, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, is particularly irritated with the reluctance of commercial banksto lend more to reforming debtors, monetary sources say.    New IMF managing director Michel Camdessus is understood tobe worried about the Fund's image in the developing world,where it is often depicted as the source of economic ills.    Camdessus' experience as former chairman of the so-called"Paris Club" of western creditor governments, has given himextensive first-hand experience of the debt crisis.    Brazil, which in February declared an interest paymerntsmoratorium on 67 billion dlrs of commercial bank debt, hasflatly ruled out adopting a program of IMF-sponsored economicreforms. Peru too has rejected an IMF program, curbing debtrepayments to 10 pct of exports.    But the administration official said Brazil's strategy ofusing a moratorium as a negotiating tool might backfire. "It'sprobably turning out to be more complicated than they thought.It underlines the extreme risk that a debtor country takes onitself when it begins down that road," the official said.    Indeed, U.S. banks are laying the groundwork for writingdown their Brazilian loans.    U.S. officials have generally praised most debtors foradopting genuine economic reforms and the multilateralinstitutions for stepping up their lending.    And they point out that Venezuela, Chile and thePhilippines have struck agreement with commercial banksstretching out debt repayments.    But problems still dog assembly of a 7.7 billion dlrs bankloan for Mexico, which many officials acknowledge may be thelast major cash loan for a debtor country.    Instead, banks are being pressed to come up with more novelways of easing the liquidity squeeze in debtor nations.    The prospect of greater official involvement in the debtstrategy depends chiefly on the ability of western nations tocome up with more finance.    While there is sympathy in Congress for various forms ofdebt relief, more U.S. funds for the World Bank or the IMF area virtual impossibility in today's era of budget restraint.    That leaves rich surplus nations like Japan and WestGermany, but neither country favors generalized debt relief.    And the Reagan administration is not inclined to bow toCongressional pressure for changes in regulations governingforeign loans, to make it easier for banks to account fordelays in interest and principal repayments. Reuter&#3;