Texaco Inc has re-established some keyoil supply lines following yesterday's court filing forprotection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. bankrupcty code, saidElton Yates, Texaco's coordinator of worldwide operations.    "Several companies say they are willing to start trading,"Yates told Reuters in an interview.    The company last week had stated that a number of domesticand international oil suppliers were demanding cash for oilshipments, and in some cases, had cut supplies altogether.Banks had also cut credit lines, it said in court filings.    Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC> and other banks toldTexaco it would cut off a one billion dlr credit line, Texacosaid in the court filing. Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB> and J.P.Morgan Co's &lt;JPM> Morgan Guaranty Trust Co asked for depositsto cover transactions, it said.    The severe conditions with suppliers and creditors arosefrom an unfavorable ruling last Monday by the U.S. SupremeCourt in Texaco's ongoing dispute with Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> overthe acquisition of Getty Oil Co in 1984.    The High Court said Texas Courts must consider Texaco'splea to cut its 10.3 billion dlr bond while appealing the case.    "Most of the suppliers stayed with us as long as theycould," Elton said. But following Monday's Supreme Courtruling, Texaco's suppliers began demanding cash and haltingsupplies.    "It wasn't until last Wednesday that it turned into anavalanche," he said. "Supplies were cut to the point where wecould not run the system at anywhere near capacity."    He said less than half of Texaco's oil supplies had been injeapordy, but the cut off would have produced severe shortagesby mid-May. Now the situation appears much less severe, Eltonsaid.    It said that Sonatrach, the Algerian national oil company,canceled future deliveries of crude oil and natural gas,Occidental Petroleum Co &lt;OXY> demanded cash for crude, andAtlantic Richfield Co &lt;ARC> asked for special safeguards.    The company also said British Petroleum Co PLC &lt;BP> lastweek refused to accept an order for fuel oil. But Yates todaysaid, "a big U.K. company has in fact said they would go onsupplying. They had cancelled last week."    He declined to identify the company.    &lt;Petroleos de Venezuela S.A.>, the Venezuelan state oilcompany that supplies a large portion of Texaco's oil, alsohalted shipments two weeks ago, Yates said.    But he added that Texaco expected to meet with theVenezuelans later today in an attempt to reestablish that keysupply line. Talks were also expected to take place with theAlgerians, he added.    Bankruptcy specialists said it was likely Texaco's chapter11 filing would allow the company to secure its credit linesand oil supplies that are key to the company's business.    "It will be business as usual for Texaco," said MartinKlein, a bankruptcy attorney at the New York law firm Dreyerand Traub.    "Creditors are a nervous bunch of people," he said. "Butwhen the dust settles they will reevaluate the situation andwill likely extend credit to the chapter 11 company."    But other officials at Texaco were not immediatelyavailable to say whether discussions were being held with itsbanks, or whether credit lines had been reestablished. Reuter&#3;