After an onslaught of new paper, fewermark eurobonds issues are expected this week, bankers said.    Most managers said they were planning a low issue volumefor the Bundesbank's two-week bond calendar beginning today.    "We want to have a week's pause," one manager said.    Last week borrowings totalled 1.775 billion marks,including a 300 mln mark private placement for Deutsche Bank.Issues for all of February rose to nearly five billion marks,from 3.6 billion in January.    The heavy volume also meant most borrowers except the verybest addresses were having to accept higher coupons.    "I think the D-mark market is still good, but only if youcan give a good coupon," another manager said.    But even some government borrowers were not getting thebest reception for bonds which would have been taken up morereadily under other conditions.    Of the three mark eurobonds launched on Tuesday alone,bonds for Den Danske Bank and Iceland were trading outside feeson Friday, although prices had recovered from initial lows.    Den Danske's 5-3/4 1992 bond was quoted at midday on Fridayat 97.35/65 compared with its par price, and Iceland's 6-1/2pct 1997 bond traded at 97.25/75 against a 100-1/4 issue price.    A 300 mln mark 6-1/8 pct 1997 issue for Nippon Telegraphand Telephone was also depressed, but traded Friday within feesat 98.15, 98.50 from its par price.    Some shorter maturities did better. In contrast to the10-year NTT and Iceland issues, a five-year six pct bond forHoogovens, traded at 98.40/75 from its 99-1/2 price, thanksmainly to its shorter maturity, dealers said.    The large amount of paper brought to the market in the lasttwo months has also led many syndicate managers to complainabout the Bundesbank's present fixed calendar system, whichthey say is too inflexible.    Currently all mark denominated eurobonds have to beregistered with the Bundesbank in the week preceding thetwo-week issue period. A bank may decline to issue a bond onthe requested day in the calendar, but then has to wait for thenext calendar period to schedule the bond again.    Some managers said they would prefer to abolish the system.    The Bundesbank shortened the reporting period to two weeksfrom four weeks last July. But few expect the calendar to becompletely abolished. "I don't think the Bundesbank would givethat up," one banking analyst said.    "I wouldn't have anything against getting rid of the system,"the analyst said, adding banks were capable of regulating thevolume of new issues themselves.    The Bundesbank plays a passive role in setting the calendarwithout trying to regulate the issues, but it needs theregistration to gauge the volume of mark bonds going throughthe euromarket, he said.    For this reason, few managers here foresee the Bundesbanksacrificing its present calendar system.    Bond activity in West German bond trading and syndicationdepartments is also expected to be quieter than normal owing tothe carnival holiday.    Carnival will close banks in Duesseldorf all day on Monday.In Frankfurt, banks will close on Tuesday in the afternoon. REUTER&#3;