Nicaraguan rebel leader Adolfo Calerohas for the first time linked payments received for his forcesto a dummy company controlled by former White House aide OliverNorth, legal sources said.    The company, Lake Resources Inc, was established by Northand his ally, retired Air Force major General Richard Secord,and had a Swiss bank account into which proceeds from secretarms sales to Iran were deposited.    Calero yesterday made public bank statements showing hisgroup has received 32 mln dlrs since mid-1984, but said he hasno idea who donated the money.    Calero, head of the Nicaraguan Democratic Force, known byits Spanish initials as FDN, provided the same records to agrand jury investigating the Iran arms scandal that has shakenthe Reagan administration.    The bank statements he showed reporters ended with March,1985, so they shed no light on whether Iran arms profits werediverted to contra rebels since shipments of U.S. arms to Irandid not begin until September 1985.    But last night, Calero told Cable News Network that he hadjust discovered deposits made in late October, 1985 by LakeResources into a contra account in the Cayman Islands.       This came at a time when proceeds from the Iran arms saleswere being funneled to the Swiss bank account.    "I just found out," he said.    Legal sources confirmed that Calero had turned over thenewly disclosed information, which was brought to his attentionafter one of his lawyers noticed the two desposits made by LakeResources buried in the mass of bank records.    They said that Calero has promised to review in more detailthe bank statements and pass along any further information onpossible deposits by the North-Secord groups.    The Tower commission said in its report that up to 19.8 mlndlrs from the sale of U.S. weapons to Iran was unaccounted forand may have been diverted to the contras.    Calero's FDN is the largest of the contra rebel groupsthat are fighting to overthrow the left-wing Sandinistagovernment of Nicaragua.    On the advice of his lawyer, Calero declined to go intodetails about what he told the grand jury.    Reuter&#3;