French Social Affairs and Labour MinisterPhilippe Seguin has renewed a controversy over whether Franceis positioning itself for an economic U-turn, saying it waspossible to boost domestic demand without giving rise tonegative economic effects.    Prime Minister Jacques Chirac's spokesman, Denis Baudouin,on Monday sparked speculation of a reflation hitherto excludedby the government when he said ministers were agreed on thedesirability of "relaunching the economy."     The Finance Ministry, however, swiftly ruled out the optionof reinflation policies to boost domestic demand, which weretried and abandoned by the previous Socialist government.    Earlier today sources close to Finance Minister EdouardBalladur reiterated policy remained one of restoring soundfinances and enhancing economic competitiveness.    But political analysts said Baudouin's statements showedgrowing divisions over electorally sensitive social issuesamong the rightist RPR-UDF coalition, ahead of its bid nextyear to capture the presidency from Socialist presidentFrancois Mitterrand.    While the government has achieved lower inflation, a betterforeign trade balance and an overwhelmingly successfulprivatisation programme, unemployment has continued to edgeupwards, reaching its present record rate of 10.9 pct, withmore than 2.5 mln jobless.    Seguin, who holds direct responsibility for dealing withunemployment, told a press lunch, "Everything depends on whatyou call reflation...One can arrive at the results of areflation without passing through the perverse effects of areflation."    He said conservative prime minister Jacques Chirac wouldannounce in the next few days a package of capital endowmentsfor state-owned enterprises including public works and motorwaybuilding.  And while sources at Seguin's ministry said thepackage could total 12 billion francs for 1987, sources closeto Balladur, making no mention of public works, said only 8.6billion francs had been set aside for capital endowments.    Seguin said the advantage of public works was that theywere non-inflationary and had a fast job-creating power. REUTER&#3;