The Reagan Administration sent toCongress proposed legislation that would require Congress toreflect the cost of federal loan subsidies in the government'sbudget.    The legislation would require Congress to approve allsubsidies on loans, to sell off many loans to the privatesector shortly after they are made and to buy privatereinsurance for many guaranteed loans.    White House officials estimated reinsurance premiums  couldamount to six billion dlrs a year to private companies.    The bill would make little impact on the federal deficit orpayroll, officials said.    The legislation would not in itself alter the terms offederal credit programs.    But officials said they would be pleased if Congresstightened some programs after seeing their true cost set out inthe budget.    The program would call for the immediate sale of many newlymade direct federal loans, but would no effect existing federalloan portfolios. Some of these are already proposed to be soldoff under previous administration programs.    Exempt from the sale requirement would be loans made underthe Commodity Credit Corp commodity loan program, which thegovernment considers to be a commodity purchase program ratherthan a credit program, and defaulted guaranteed loans, whichthe government considers to be the same as direct loans.    Also excluded from the sale requirement would be mostforeign loans, though officials said they may at some pointconsider selling off some Export-Import Bank loans.    Officials said government loan programs currently amount toabout 252 billion dlrs in direct loans and 450 billion dlrs inguaranteed loans a year.    Officials said U.S. agencies were asked to calculate theapproximate cost of their loan subsidies by looking atcomparable loans in the marketplace.    The administration is asking Congress to begin reflectingthe cost of these subsidies in the fiscal 1988 budget, whichthe House Budget Committee plans to begin marking up late nextweek.    Officials said the reforms, if adopted across-the-board byall affected congressional committees, would lower the federaldeficit by only 100 mln dlrs in fiscal 1988.    Officials said the administration hopes to sell a total of13.0 billion dlrs in loan assets during fiscal 1988, including1.8 billion dlrs in loan assets under the credit reform programand 11.2 billion dlrs in loan assets already in thegovernemnt's portfolion.    In fiscal 1989, the administration hopes to sell 8.9billion dlrs in loans, including 1.3 billion dlrs of loansunder the credit reform program and 7.6 billion dlrs from theexisting portfolio. Reuter&#3;