The yen is likely to start anotheruneven rise against the dollar and other major currenciesbecause the Group of Seven communique contained nothing new,currency and bond analysts here said.    "Is that it? I was expecting something more than that," saidone trader at a major Wall Street securities company.    Marc Cohen of Republic National Bank of New York said: "Themarket now has the impetus to drive the dollar lower again."    The dollar hovered between 145.50 and 147 yen in the daysjust before the talks. Dealers restrained their underlyingbearishness and squared positions ahead of Wednesday's meetingof the finance ministers and central bankers of the top sevenindustrialized nations in Washington.    After more than four hours of talks, the G-7 issued acommunique which merely reaffirmed the recent Paris agreement'sview that prevailing currency levels were broadly consistentwith economic fundamentals and that exchange rate stabilityshould be fostered around these levels.    The dollar sank to 144.75 yen in early Tokyo trading.    "They said that the dollar/yen rate was broadly in line withfundamentals when it was 154. Now they are saying it's in linewhen it's at 146. Will this still be so at 138 or 130?," askedRepublic's Cohen.    Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa fuelledspeculation about the amount of fluctuation the authorities areprepared to tolerate by saying that the current yen level isstill inside the range agreed on in Paris in late February.    Official statements in recent weeks had indicated that thekey psychological level of 150 yen was at the lower end of theauthorities' permissible range.    Dealers and analysts warned that the dollar's decline wouldprobably be uneven. They anticipated a concerted effort to propup the dollar and restrain the yen via a mixture of open marketintervention and public comments.    Shortly after the Tokyo market opened today the Bank ofJapan was detected by local dealers buying moderate amounts ofdollars. The dollar rebounded to about 145.20 yen.    The sources said the market may also be wary of agressivelyselling dollars for yen before Tuesday's February U.S. Tradedata. The figures are expected to show a deficit of 13 billiondlrs, from a provisional 14.8 billion in January.&#3;