Monday's stock market collapse couldspell disaster for Republican hopes of retaining the WhiteHouse in 1988 -- if it proves to be the start of a generaleconomic downturn -- political experts said.    "The question is does the stock market (decline) signal animpending recession. If that is the case the Republicans willhave a very difficult time winning," independent politicalanalyst William Schneider told Reuters. "If the Democratsnominate anyone halfway credible they would win," he added.    Schneider's comments, on the heels of a 500-point declinein the bellwheter Dow Jones stock market average, reflected theold political adage that elections are almost always decided byvoters' feelings about their financial well being.    "There is no doubt people always vote their pocketbook andwe don't expect 1988 to be any different," says Donald Foley,the top spokesman for Missouri Representative RichardGephardt's Democratic presidential campaign.    Foley added that the five-year old stock market rally hasshown amazing resilience and "there's no telling where themarket will be by the end of the week."    President Reagan said he was puzzled by the day's events,but is convinced the economy is fundamentally sound.    "I think everyone is puzzled ... because all the businessindices are up. There is nothing wrong with the economy," hetold reporters.    "I don't think anyone should panic because all the economicindicators are solid," he added.    But for the time being, the decline on Wall Street knockedthe underpinnings from his boasts that the record bull marketdemonstrates the wisdom of current economic policy.    It could also deprive the Republicans of a major argumentfor keeping the White House in their hands when PresidentReagan leaves office in January 1989.    It gives a hollow ring to the words used by Vice PresidentGeorge Bush just a week ago when he formally entered the WhiteHouse race.    "We have weathered the storm. Our economy has recovered tobe the strongest in history," Bush said in reference to therecovery from the 1981-82 recession that pushed unemployment toits highest level since the Great Depression of the 1930s.    "We mark next week the longest peacetime economic expansionin our nation's recorded history," Bush bragged.    At midday, even as Wall Street was being battered by arecord selling panic, Reagan gave a glowing account of theeconomy's performance at a swearing in ceremony for his newCommerce Secretary, William Verity.    Indeed, the Labor Department reported earlier this monththat unemployment among American workers had fallen to aneight-year low of 5.9 pct in September, compared to seven pct ayear ago and a Post World War Two peak of 10.7 pct in December1982.    But with interest rates climbing steadily and noimprovement in the record U.S. trade deficit with the rest ofthe world, a number of economic experts have expressed doubtsabout the staying power of the current expansion.   Warnings of economic danger around the corner have been astaple of Democratic campaign speeches this year.    And Democratic party leaders here for an organizationalmeeting two weeks ago predicted at that time that the economywould be the determining factor in next year's election.    "The 1988 election will be decided, as most peacetimeelections are, on economic issues," said Michigan party chairmanRichard Weiner.    "In Ohio, people are uneasy. They want to know where theeconomy is going," added Ohio Democratic leader James Ruvulo.    American political history is replete with examples ofvoters throwing out incumbent officeholders when the economyturns sour -- most notably in 1932 when Democrat FranklinRoosevelt won a landslide triumph that ended 12 years ofRepublican rule and made the Democrats the nation's majorityparty for more than 40 years.    But political experts said that if Monday's stock declineturns out to be a temporary phenomena it will have no effect onthe 1988 election.    "Times change, conditions change," Schneider said.    Quoting legendary baseball manager Casey Stengel, Schneideradded, "Never make predictions, especially about the future." Reuter&#3;