Pentland Industries PLC said it reporta substantial capital gain from the sale of part of itsholdings in Reebok International Limited, which will cut itsstake in Reebok to 32.2 pct from 36.7 pct.     It said Reebok filed a registration statement with theSecurities and Exchange Commission for the offering of six mlnshares of Reebok common. Reebok will sell three mln shares andPentland will sell 1,404,866 shares, reducing its stake inReebok to 18.1 mln from 19.5 mln shares.    After the offering, Reebok will have 56.1 mln shares sharesoutstanding.    Pentland said the amount of the capital gain from the saledepends on the offering price for the Reebok shares to benegotiated between it, Reebok, and the other sellingstockholders who will offer about 1.6 mln shares of Reebokcommon, and the underwriters.    Pentland said proceeds from the offering will be used byReebok to retire bank debt incurred in its acquisition of AVIAGroup for about 180 mln dlrs. Is said that afterwards, Reebokwill have bank credit lines available for general corporatepurposes, including possible acquisitions.    Reebok's stock was selling at 45-1/2, up 1/8. At thatprice, the 1.4 mln Reebok shares Pentland will sell are worthabout 64 mln dlrs and the three mln shares Reebok will sell areworth about 136.5 mln dlrs.    Pentland said it will use proceeds to fund growth andpossible acquisitions.    Pentland said 4,500,000 shares of Rebbok will be offered inthe U.S. by a syndicate led by Kidder, Peabody and Co Inc and1,500,000 shares will be offered outside the U.S. by aninternational syndicate led by Kidder.    It said the U.S. underwriters have been granted an optionto buy from certain selling stockholders up to an additional900,000 shares to cover overallotments. Pentland said it hasnot chosen to participate in this over allotment.    Pentland said that as soon as the date and price of theoffering have been determined it will release further details.    It said it expects the offering to close in May. Reuter&#3;