&lt;Burroughs Wellcome Co> said it hasset up a distribution system to ensure the people in most needcan get Retrovir, the first drug shown to have activity againstAIDS, during an initial period while supplies of the drug arelimited.    At a press conference here, Paul Dreyer, the company'sproduct manager for the drug, said physicians must submit anenrollment application to the company for each new patient whois a candidate for taking the drug.    The company is the U.S. arm of Wellcome Plc.    The application will list several items required toevaluate a patient. The company will inform doctors within oneweek if a patient meets enrollment criteria and whether thereare sufficient amounts of the drug available.    On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration approved thedrug for wide clinical use. The drug is not a cure for AIDS,but it does prolong the lives of certain people with AIDS, whohave a history of certain types of pneumonia, and patients withan advanced form of AIDS-related complex whose immune systemshave declined after infection with the virus.    The company said it only has enough supply of the drug totreat 15,000 patients and by the end of the year should haveenough supply to treat 30,000 patients.    Dreyer said physicians can call 1-800-843-9388 forinformation about distribution of the drug, and pharmacists cancall 1-800-322-1887 to place orders for the drug.    Dreyer added this distribution system will end once anadequate supply of the drug is available.    Thomas Kennedy, vice president of corporate affairs,declined to comment on the cost of developing the drug.    Some organizations have criticized the high cost of thedrug, which is said to be between 7,000 and 10,000 dlrs peryear for treatment. Dreyer said it took seven months to makethe drug, and the company obtained the principal raw materialfrom Pfizer Inc &lt;PFE>.    Dryer said the company is developing other suppliers.    The company said it spent 80 mln dlrs for the raw materialsfor the drug and an undisclosed amount on research, but wouldnot disclose the total cost of developing Retrovir.    Burroughs has cited the high cost of making the drug as oneof the reasons for its cost. Reuter&#3;