Personal taxation has emerged as themajor economic issue in Finnish general elections later thismonth, and Conservative gains could mark a shift towardsindirect taxation and accelerate moves towards moremarket-oriented banking practices, economists say.    Opinion polls indicate the Conservative Party, Finland'ssecond largest, may gain enough clout after the elections tojoin a coalition government which is still likely to bedominated by the Social Democrats of Prime Minister KaleviSorsa.    But the economists point out that Conservative economicpolicies differ only slightly from the governments', and thattrade with the Soviet Union will not be affected.    Helsinki bankers said a new government, including theConservatives for the first time in 20 years, could bring abouta shift from direct to indirect taxation.    The present coalition of Social democrats and Centrists hasembarked on a tax reform programme to cut marginal taxation,which is up to 75 pct in the highest income scales. Theopposition has also called for reforms, but they differ overhow to regain lost state revenues.    One Conservative favoured possibility is abolishing taxexemption on interest from bank deposits and government bonds.    Hannu Halttunen, of Helsinki bank Kansallis-Osake-Pankki(KOP), told Reuters "We want to be more free in setting interestrates and in creating different deposits to suit the individualinvestors. If tax on interest is introduced, then we prefer asystem with taxation of real interest gains."    Under present laws, bank customers are exempted from tax oninterest when banks jointly set interest rates. Bankers saidthis had encouraged cartel-style banking and was hinderingtougher inter-bank competition.    A London-based Nordic banking expert said liberalisationwas too strong a word to use in a Finnish context, but aConservative presence could dislodge traditional practices.    "It would probably result in new practices that have beenseen elsewhere for a few years growing rather more quickly inFinland," he said, in a reference to money market instruments.    All parties, especially the Conservatives, have beencareful to avoid making Finnish-Soviet trade an election issue.Moscow is Finland's largest trading partner. Until a few yearsago the Conservative Party was seen as anti-communist, but hasnow moderated its stance, political analysts say.    Trade between Helsinki and Moscow is based on a bartersystem, and is balanced under long-term accords.    In January the two countries signed a 1987 agreement worth30 billion markka, but trade in the past two years has beendeclining due to the fall in the price of crude oil, whichaccounts for 80 pct of Finnish imports from the Soviet Union.    The bankers said taxation had become the major economictheme of the campaign because there were few other issues.    Inflation was 3.4 pct in 1986, compared with 5.9 pct in1985, and unemployment has increased slightly from 6.1 pct ofthe workforce in 1985 to last year's levels of 6.7 pct.    The Social democrats in 1986 doubled the country's foreigntrade surplus compared with 1985, from 2.50 billion markka to5.04 billion markka.    Opinion polls say Sorsa's Social Democrats will remain thelargest party in the 200-seat Parliament, with some 26 pct ofthe vote. They currently hold 57 seats.    The Centre Party, the other major coalition partner, isalso expected to hold on to its 37 seats.    But increased Conservative support and a decline for theCommunists could make force Sorsa to allow the Conservativesinto government. They currently hold 44 seats. REUTER&#3;