Midland Bank Plc &lt;MDBL.L> said itsGreenwell Montagu Securities unit would pull out of equitymarket making and concentrate instead on providing a brokerdealer and agency service for its clients.    The operation has become the first major casualty in theLondon markets since deregulation last October abolished fixedcommissions and allowed the merging of broking and jobbingoperations into market making activities.    A spokesman said Greenwell Montagu Gilt Edged, which is aprimary gilt edged market maker, and Greenwell Montagustockbrokers, were not affected by the decision.    The market making operation had encountered much greatercompetition than had been expected in the post-Big Bang period,the spokesman added.    Although Midland considered that the operation would beviable in the long term, it would require the concentration ofgreater resources than could be justified for an operation thatwas not a core Midland activity. He confirmed Greenwell MontaguSecurities had been losing money in past months.    The pull out from market making would be conducted in anorderly fashion in the near future. There might also be somejob losses, he said without giving any details.    Market sources said it was no great surprise that a marketmaker had pulled out, as the intensity of competition hadsuggested for some time that sooner or later someone woulddecide to withdraw.    They said some retreat by Greenwell had been likely becauseof its losses, and added there also been speculation that itcould pull out of market making in gilts also.    The move was unlikely to have any major impact on marketconfidence, as the occasional speculation in the past few weekshad had little impact.    Analysts said commission rates on institutional equitytrades have dropped sharply in the five months sincederegulation, with some firms covering some of their reducedprofits by trading on their own account.    In a recent report, Greenwell Montagu Research said, "Thosewho have made profits are either immensely clever or immenselylucky. Some are already approaching the pain barrier, othersare prepared to tough it out. But until some players withdrawfrom the market, it will be difficult to improve profitability."    Dealers said the pace of withdrawals was likely to speed upin the next year, and would intensify if the three-month bullrun on the London stock exchange petered out. REUTER&#3;