The Bank of England and the U.S. FederalReserve Board have agreed new proposals for joint standards tomeasure the risk of an array of credit exposures that do notshow up in bank balance sheets, the Bank of England said.    The plan, covering swaps, forward contracts and optionsinvolving interest or exchange rates, complements proposalsagreed in January between the two central banks to makecommercial banks in the U.S. And Britain subject to similarstandards for measuring capital adequacy, the proposal said.    It said no final decisions had been reached yet and bankshave until April 16 to comment on the trunk proposals.    The Bank of England and Fed said they had faced a dilemma.    "On the one hand (we) are determined to require adequatecapital support for potential future exposure -- on the otherhand (we) are concerned that overly stringent capitalrequirements might unnecessarily affect the ability of U.S. AndU.K. Banking organisations to price...Contracts competitively."     At the basis of the new proposals lies the concept of theso-called credit equivalent amount - the current value of acurrency or interest rate contract and an estimate of itspotential change in value due to currency or interest ratefluctuations until the contract matures.    In treatment similar to that agreed in January for balancesheet assets, the credit equivalent will be assigned one offive risk weights between zero and 100 pct, depending on thequality of the counterparty, the remaining maturity of thecontract and on collaterals or guarantees to the contract, theplans showed.    The proposal showed that collaterals and guarantees wouldnot be recognised in calculating credit equivalent amounts.    They would, however, be reflected in the assignment of riskweights. The only guarantees recognised are those given by U.S.And U.K. Governments or, in the U.S., By domestic nationalgovernment agencies, the proposals showed.    The paper said the proposed rules would not cover spotforeign exchange contracts and securities traded in futures andoptions exchanges.    It said U.S. Regulatory authorities and the Bank of Englandwere keen to encourage banks to "net" contracts -- consolidatemultiple contracts with the same counterparty into one singleagreement to create one single payments stream.    It recognised that "such arrangements may in certaincircumstances reduce credit risk and wish to encourage theirfurther development and implementation," and said some of thecurrent proposals may be changed to take this into account.    The paper said the proposed rules would not cover spotforeign exchange contracts and securities traded in futures andoptions exchanges.    It said U.S. Regulatory authorities and the Bank of Englandwere keen to encourage banks to "net" contracts -- consolidatemultiple contracts with the same counterparty into one singleagreement to create one single payments stream.    It recognised that "such arrangements may in certaincircumstances reduce credit risk and wish to encourage theirfurther development and implementation," and said some of thecurrent proposals may be changed to take this into account. Reuter&#3;