Eurobond prices in the floating ratenote sector slumped across the board by as much as a full pointon some issues.    "Today has been irrational, irresponsible -- possibly theworst day in what has been a dire six months for the floatermarket," commented a senior FRN trader at a U.K. Bank.    Republic of Ireland FRNs were marked sharply down ininitial trading and market nerves soon infected othersupra-national and sovereign paper with dealers attributing thefalls to aggressive professional shorting by a few leading U.S.Investment houses.    The FRN market has been suffering from acute contraction ofliquidity and consequent drain of investor confidence since theeffective collapse in the market for perpetual floating rateissues late last year.    Since then, FRN specialists noted that retail interest hasbeen sparse or completely absent and the stagnant market forfloating rate paper has become increasingly vulnerable tomanipulation, with nerves affecting all variety of borrowers.    Floating rate debt of U.S. And Canadian banks came underpressure last month when fears resurfaced about their exposureto Latin American debt. Canadian banks were hard hit today.    Fears about the Irish economy, exacerbated by recentpost-electoral political wrangling in Dublin, prompted asell-off of Ireland paper this morning with both dollar andmark-denominated Irish issues tumbling by a full point or more.    However, FRN dealers polled by Reuters felt the Irishissues had been singled out -- as the U.S. And Canadian bankswere most recently -- as the market's most vulnerable sector.    "A handful of professional houses are targetting the weakpaper, shorting it aggressively and this is just starting thedomino effect with basically sound paper also starting to rollwith it," a senior FRN market source explained.    Although floating paper from better-regarded borrowers suchas the U.K. Managed to finish the day only around 10 basispoints down, other sovereigns like Sweden and supranationalslike Eurofima suffered heavier losses, FRN dealers said.    Debt exposure fears continued to undermine U.S. AndCanadian bank paper with one U.K. House citing a fall of 1-5/8point on the day on a Royal Bank of Canada issue.    FRN traders noted Japanese investors, initiallyenthusiastic floating rate debt buyers, had lost confidence inthe market and speculated that a crisis meeting, such as theone called upon the collapse of the perpetuals, could beimminent.    "Retail clients just don't want to know about the floatersany more so it has degenerated to a wily pass-the-parcel amongthe professionals, all scheming to sweep the paper under thecarpet," another senior FRN trader said.    "I don't know what is going to happen to the market. Itcan't go on like this," he added.    In the fixed-rate sector, trading was dull with the marketstill attempting to digest a heavy volume of new issues fromearlier this week although primary market activity slowedsomewhat today, trading and syndicate sources reported.    Dollar straight bonds ended the day barely changed fromopening levels as investors failed to react on the unexpectedlylarge 4.1 pct rise in U.S. February retail sales, prefering towait for tomorrow's producer price and business inventory data.    A 100 mln dlr deal for Norsk Hydro was launched later inthe day and the issue was trading around its total two pct feesat close of grey market trade although dealers said theborrower's frequent appearance in the euromarkets could deterinvestors.    The Canadian dollar sector however saw good two-way tradeand a continuation of recent healthy volume as the Canadiandollar rides high on the foreign exchanges and futures markets.    Dealers said the strength of the Canadian dollar, which hasfirmed especially over the last two days, has renewed endinvestors confidence in the currency.    A new Canadian dollar issue for Hydro Quebec was seeingexcellent demand, sector specialists said, and the issue wasquickly increased to a total of 150 mln dlrs from 125 mln.    "This kind of paper can be hard to sell and it is gratifyingto see such a high level of interest, both European anddomestic Canadian demand," commented one trader at a Canadianhouse.    Eurosterling, which has been in the limelight lately, alsoon foreign exchange and currency bullishness, slipped slightly.    Senior eurosterling sources noted that bond prices fellback today, more or less in line with losses seen on the U.K.Government bond market -- around 5/8 point lower at the longerend of the eurosterling market.    Dealers said overseas investors had not been buying todayand predicted consolidation before next week's U.K. Budget. A55 mln stg convertible issue for confectioners RowntreeMackintosh was well bid at 104-5/8 105-1/8 pct and expected togo well.    Euroyen bonds showed a firmer tone led by some professionalshort covering from Tokyo. Today's 23 billion deal for ToyotaMotor Credit with a 4-1/2 pct coupon was deemed tight however. REUTER&#3;