IRT Property Co, a real estate investmenttrust based in Atlanta, Georgia, has launched a 30 mln dlrconvertible subordinated debenture in the Euromarket, a partnerof Chandler Partnership Ltd said.    The issue is unique in several respects and is only one ofa handful of such deals to be brought to this market, he said.    Unlike most eurobonds, the issue will not be underwritten.Instead, IRT mandated Chandler Partnership to find potentialinvestors with whom the issue can be preplaced and to thenplace on a "best efforts" basis what ever amount may not besubscribed.    Chandler itself was set up in the Isle of Jersey in themiddle of last year as a partnership, whose members have beeninvolved in financial markets.    The deal has two sponsors who assist in the placement--Interallianz Bank Zurich AG and Nivison Cantrade Ltd, a smallU.K. Trading firm that formerly was broker R. Nivison and Co.    The debentures are due June 1, 2002 and pay a semi-annualcoupon of two pct and are priced at par. They can be convertedinto shares of the company's stock at 23-1/2 dlrs a share.    IRT's shares closed last night on the New York StockExchange at 19-7/8.    The debentures can be redeemed at par at maturity and arecallable at the company's option after the first two years.    On or after August 1989 the company can call half thedebentures if the stock trades for 30 days at 123 pct of theconversion price and half if it reaches 140 pct of theconversion price, Nivison said.    In addition, holders will be able to surrender half thebonds during May 1991 at 123 pct for a semi-annual yield of7.043 pct and the other half in May 1993 at 140 pct, for ayield of 7.383 pct.    The payment date is June 1, 1987. The debentures will belisted in London and the fees for the deal total 2-1/4 pct.    Nivison said that the deal contains a convenent whichstates that if the company's debt to equity ratio exceeds twoto one the debentures cannot be converted unless the companyobtains a bank guarantee or a letter of credit.    Nivison said IRT's debt to equity ratio currently is lessthan one to one.    The Chandler partner said that this type of deal gives theborrower funds that are less costly than if it had done anissue in the U.S. Domestic market. REUTER&#3;