Endotronics Inc said it expects toincur "substantial losses" for the second quarter ending March31 and fiscal year ending Sept 30, 1987.    As one factor behind the anticipated loss, Endotronicscited a dispute by one of its Japanese distributors, &lt;YamahaInc>, over payment of a 3,686,000 dlr promissory note.    In a Form 8-K filing with the Securities and ExchangeCommission, Endotronics said the note was for overdue accountsreceivable from sales of instruments to Yamaha and anotherJapanese distributor during the company's 1986 fiscal year.    Endotronics said at its present reduced level of operationsit will exhaust all currently available cash and creditfacilities in early May 1987. It said this assumes full use ofthe remaining 1,250,000 dlrs available under a line of creditfrom Celanese Corp, which requires approval of Celanese Corp&lt;CZ>.    The company said its ability to obtain funding wasadversely affected by a suit filed March 4 by two of itsshareholders seeking to represent a class of holders againstthree officers of Endotronics.    Endotronics said the complaint against it allegesviolations of the federal securities laws in connection withstatements made in the company's annual and quarterly reports.    The company also said the Securities Division of theMinnesota Department of Commerce is conducting an inquiry intothe company's Japanese sales for fiscal 1986 and trading byinsiders and brokers in the company's common shares.    It said similar inquiries are being conducted by theSecurities and Exchange Commission. The investigations willhurt the company's ability to obtain funding, it said.    As a result of the dispute over payment of the promissorynote, the law suit challenging its financial data and thevarious investigations concerning insider trading, the companysaid it no longer expects that anticipated declines ininstrument sales in Japan in fiscal 1987 will be offset byincreased instrument sales in other foreign countries and theUnited States. Reuter&#3;