Banking supervisory authorities arenot carrying out any special checks at banks in the wake of thecurrency fraud scandal at Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>, a spokesmanfor the Hesse regional state central bank, LZB, said.    But inspectors are paying particular attention to foreignexchange matters in their routine checks at banks, he said inanswer to enquiries. There is no evidence rules were broken.    The LZB spokesman was commenting on press reports thatbanks had "parked" open currency positions for short periods withVW to circumvent regulations limiting the size of open currencypositions that can be carried by banks overnight.    The press allegations emerged after VW said it may havelost 480 mln marks as a result of a possible currency fraud.    LZBs are regional branches of the Bundesbank. Theirinspectors also act for the Federal Banking Supervisory Officein West Berlin, which regulates banking in West Germany.    Following the 1974 Herstatt bank crash on currencyspeculation, West Germany limited a bank's total open positionsovernight to 30 pct of shareholders' equity and reserves.    German press reports have said some banks circumvented thisrule by selling excess positions to VW, then repurchasing them.    The banking regulations only cover banks. Company foreignexchange activities are not subject to the banking regulators.    The LZB spokesman said there were no concrete signs thatthe regulations had been broken, and it would be irresponsibleto instigate a special check just on the basis of the reports.    The LZBs receive monthly balance sheet statistics frombanks in their areas, which they check, and they also routinelyinspect all banks in greater detail over longer periods.    But LZB officials said it would be hard for inspectors todetect a breach of these rules as they do not check companiesand therefore would not see both sides of any parking deal.    "If the managements of the banks have not spotted them, itwill be even harder for our inspectors," said one official.    It would be up to the public prosecutors to order specialchecks on suspicion of breaches of these regulations, theysaid. Prosecutors in Brunswick are already investigating the VWcurrency scandal, and have ordered the arrest of VW's formerchief foreign exchange dealer.    Breaches of the Banking Law in this way can be punished bya 100,000 mark fine for the dealers involved, and in extremecases by removal of the managers if their active involvement isproved. REUTER&#3;