The U.K. Government bond market closedshowing severe losses ranging to almost 1-1/2 points as sharpfalls for U.S Treasury bonds resulting from pronounced dollarweakness exacerbated existing uncertainty, dealers said.    Selling was described as relatively modest, although veryfew buyers appeared to take up the slack. Much of the momentumwas derived from the futures market, where a high 33,074 lotswere traded in the long gilt June contract.    The Treasury 13-1/2 pct stock due 2004/08 closed 1-7/16point lower at 135-20/32 stg pct while the Treasury 10 pct due1991 ended at 105-12/32 for a fall of 1-3/16.    Dealers noted that market confidence had already been at alow ebb, with much of the recent impressive rise whittled awaylast week as investors reacted nervously to opinion pollsshowing unexpectedly strong gains for the centristLiberal/Social Democratic alliance.    The market had been sustained in large part during itsrecent rally by a virtual conviction that the rulingConservative party would first call and then win a generalelection early this summer.    However, advances credited to the alliance last week havecast doubt on both assumptions.    "Turnover in the cash market has actually been quite small,"one dealer said, adding that price movements had been veryvolatile at times.    After losing ground heavily in the Far East in tandem withthe flagging dollar, U.S. Bonds fell further in London tradingbut showed some signs of recovery late in the U.S. Morning asthe dollar steadied a little against the yen. The latest periodof weakness for the dollar has accentuated fears that currencyrisk might induce Japanese investors in particular to undertakedramatic reductions in their portfolios of U.S. Treasuryissues.    Dealers noted that early strength in the index-linkedsector of the market, which had enabled the Government brokerto supply some of both index-linked stock tranches announced onFriday, had soon fallen prey to the general depressionaffecting gilts.    The Treasury 2-1/2 pct index-linked stock due 2020 closedjust under one point lower at 100-11/32 stg pct. REUTER&#3;