Spectra-Physics Inc said it isconsidering the possibility of recapitalizing, restructuring,or seeking a buyer for the company following its rejection ofan unsolicitied 32 dlr a share bid from Ciba-Geigy Corp.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,the San Jose, Calif., gas lasers and accessories company alsosaid its board Sunday agreed to a plan that gives 52 topexecutives bonuses ranging from 20 to 50 pct of their basesalary if they stay with the company through August 29.    In rejecting the takeover proposal by the U.S. subsidiaryof Swiss-based Ciba-Geigy AG, the company said it was unfair.    The Spectra-Physics board voted unanimously, with twoCiba-Geigy representatives not participating, to reject theSwiss-based chemical and pharmaceutical company's takeover bid,citing an opinion from its financial advsior, Morgan Stanleyand Co Inc, that it is "inadequate and unfair from a financialpoint of view to the holders of shares," the company said.    The board also authorized a special committee and MorganStanley to "vigorously investigate, pursue and authorize anyalternatives which would maximize the value of shareholders'investment in the company," the company said.    Among the alternatives the special committee will considerare a sale of the company to a third party for more than 32dlrs a share, a recapitalization or restructuring, includingself tender offers and/or asset dispositions through the use ofdividends, Spectra-Physics said.    The "retention plan" for the 52 top officers will pay anaverage bonus percentage of 28 pct of salary, it said.    Spectra-Physics said its board approved the plan "in orderto encourage key operating personnel to remain with the companyduring the period of turmoil and uncertainty engendered by the(Ciba-Geigy) offer."    Under the plan, the executives would be entitled to theircash bonuses if they stay with the company through August 29,but could receive them earlier if they are fired for reasonsother than gross and willful misconduct, or if they leave thecompany because their salaries have been sharply cut.    Spectra-Physics also said it filed suit against Ciba-Geigyyesterday in U.S. District Court in Wilmington, Del., chargingit with making a takeover bid that was false and misleading inviolation of securities law and with violating the intent ofJuly 9, 1985 standstill agreement.    Spectra-Physics said Ciba-Geigy indicated at the time ofthe standstill agreement that it would not make an unsolicitedtakeover proposal for the company and that the intent of theagreement was that Ciba-Geigy would not acquire more than 20pct of the company unless there was another takeover threat.    Ciba-Geigy was 18.8 pct of Spectra-Physics and RelianceGroup Holdings &lt;REL>, which is controlled by New York investorSaul Steinberg, controls 12.8 pct.    Spectra-Physics said the agreement prevents Ciba-Geigy fromraising its stake beyond 20 pct through Jan 1, 1992, unlessanother person get more than 10 pct of its voting power. Reuter&#3;