The U.S. Congress and the oil industryare deeply divided on ways the government should assist theindustry, hurt by the sharp fall in oil prices, and thesubsequent growth in oil imports, industry analysts said.    "The industry is deeply divided between those who support anoil tariff and those who believe tax incentives are better,"said Daniel Yergin, director of Cambridge Energy ResearchAssociates, which recently completed a survey of the U.S.Congress on energy issues.    Yergin said he saw mounting support within Congress for taxincentives rather than an oil tariff or import fee.    Today U.S. Energy Secretary John Herington said he willpropose tax incentives to increase edomestic oil and naturalgas exploration and production to the Reagan Administration forconsideration. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said theproposal would be reviewed.    Herrington said, "I would like to shoot for one mln barrelsa day (addition) to U.S. production." U.S. oil output was off to8.4 mln bpd in the week of March 13, down six pct from lastyear, the American Petroleum Institute said.    Oil industry analysts have forecast oil prices to averageabout 18 dlrs a barrel for the year and many believe that amove above that level will be unlikey for the near term.    Paul Mlotok, oil analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc said that"even with the rise in prices for the last week or two we'veonly altered our average price scenerio to about 17.50 dlrs forthe year."    Analysts said that at that price renewed drilling andexploration to reverse the decline in U.S. crude oil outputwill not take place as the companies are waiting for stableprices over 20 dlrs to renew exploration.    John Lichtblau, president of the Petroleum IndustryResearch Foundation Inc in New york in recent testimony toCongress said "The continuing decline in U.S. oil production isvirtually inevitable under any realistic price scenario. Butthe future rate of decline is very much a function of world oilprices and U.S. government policy."    Lichtbalu said that tax breaks could be used to raise oilproduction but would only work over time.    "Lowering the producing industry's tax burden would probablybe a slower stimulant (to output) than a price increase butwould not raise energy costs." Lichtblau said.    But the small independent oil companies who do much of thedrilling in the U.S. are looking for the more immediate reliefwhich could be brought on by an oil import fee.    Ronald Tappmeyer, president of the InternationalAssociation of Drilling Contractors, said, "The members of ourtrade asssociation are convinced that only a variable oilimport fee that sets a minimum price trigger can protect ournation." The association represents some 1,300 drilling and oilservice companies.    The CERA survey of Congress shows that the oil import feewill face a stiff uphill battle.    Yergin said that the poll which was conducted in January bya former Congressman, Orval Hansen, showed support for the oilimport fee from 22 pct of the Congressmen surveyed largely as ameans of protecting the domestic petroleum industry.     At the same time 48 pct of the Congressmen surveyedopposed the fee with the respondents saying the tariff wouldhurt consumers and some regional interests.    But 80 pct of the sample said support for a fee could growif production continued to fall and imports to rise.    Yergin said that imports above 50 pct of U.S. requirements"is a critical, symbolic level. If they (imports) move abovethat level, a fee may not be legislated but there willcertainly be pressure for some form of action."     But Lichtblau, in a telephone interview, said, "a 50 pctrate of import dependency is not likely to happen before 1990.    In 1986 U.S. oil imports rose to 33 pct of u.s. energyrequirements and shopuld be about 34 pct in 1987, he added. Reuter&#3;