Corporate raider Carl Icahnacknowledged that he is one of the targets of an investigationby the Securities and Exchange Commission into possibleviolations of securities laws.    Icahn, who heads and controls Trans World Airlines Inc&lt;TWA>, made the acknowledgement in a filing TWA was required tomake with the SEC disclosing its 14.8 pct stake in USAir Group.    The SEC issued a formal order launching the privateinvestigation on Nov 12, 1986, Icahn said in the SEC filing.    The order empowers SEC investigators to try to find outwhether any persons, including Icahn, violated securities lawsand related rules, Icahn said.    Specifically, the probe is examining the acquisition andsubsequent sale of more than five pct of the stock of certainunspecified companies, he said.    Federal law requires individuals or groups of individualswho have made shareholder agreements, to disclose stakes incompanies of at least five pct within 10 days.    Icahn has acknowledged that he has been subpoenaed inconnection with SEC probes, but this is the first time he hasdisclosed that he is among those being investigated.    By making the disclosure in a filing with the SEC, which isobviously already aware of its own probe, Icahn was alsoalerting current and potential shareholders of TWA.    It is not uncommon for companies which are aware that theyor their officers are the targets of government probes toacknowledge the existence of the otherwise secretinvestigations to fulfill their legal disclosure requirementsto their shareholders.    Icahn said the SEC is looking into whether he and otherswhom he did not name violated securities laws by acquiring andselling more than five pct of a company's stock.    SEC investigations into those kinds of possible securitieslaw violations have been spawned by the agency's widening probeinto the Wall Street insider trading scandal, according topublished reports.    Making late filings of 13D forms, which disclose the amountof stock over five pct an investor has in a company, or makingno filing at all could indicate a scheme to "warehouse" sharesof stock.    In a warehousing scheme, a group of investors acting inconcert would each amass stock in the company withoutdisclosing that they have an agreement among them.    By failing to disclose that they are acting together themarket is unware of the amount of stock of a company that iscontrolled by a group acting in concert.    Last year, the SEC charged members of the wealthy Belzbergfamily of Canada with taking part in a warehousing scheme whileit was accumulating stock in Ashland Oil Inc. Reuter&#3;