Firm oil prices, a sharp stock pricefall and widespread fear that the dollar has much more room todecline sent bond prices tumbling, dealers said.    The key 7-1/2 pct Treasury bonds of 2016 fell 1-3/32 pointsto close at 95-1/32 and a 7.94 pct yield that was up 10 basispoints from Monday and was 1987's highest closing yield.    "Investors threw in the towel today. The long bond seemsheaded for eight pct within the next few days," a trader said.That would correspond to a price of about 94-3/8.    Treasury bill rates increased two to eight basis points.Notes prices declined 1/8 to 3/4.    Bond traders said the main negative is recent instabilityof the dollar and growing feeling that even concerted centralbank support will not be able to prevent a further sharpdecline in the U.S. currency.    The dollar came under mild downward pressure early andfinished with modest net losses. The currency was largelyunaffected by generally supportive comments by Federal ReserveChairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance Minister KiichiMiyazawa.    Miyazawa once again said he and Treasury Secretary JamesBaker agree on the need for stable foreign exchange rates.    Fed Chairman Paul Volcker told Congress that the dollar'sfall thus far should be "large enough, in a context of agrowing world economy and fiscal restraint in the U.S., tosupport widespread expectations of a narrowing in the realtrade deficit in the period ahead."    Despite favorable comments by Volcker and Miyazawa, thereappears to be broad agreement among currency and bond marketparticipants that a huge Federal budget deficit and a wide,although narrowing, trade gap will further depress the dollar.That could mean Japanese and other foreign investors will buyfewer U.S. bonds or even start selling them.    There has been no evidence of large-scale sales of U.S.bonds by the Japanese. Some dealers said that these investorsactually purchased a modest amount of U.S. debt today, but theyfocused on shorter maturities in the two-year area rather thanon long bonds.    To the extent that overseas investors back away from theU.S. bond market, dealers said that higher yields will beneeded to lure others to take their place.    A late Federal funds rate rise contributed slightly to thebond market retreat. After averaging 6.20 pct yesterday, fundsopened at 6-1/8 pct and traded between 6-1/16 and 6-1/4 pct.    The Federal funds rate rise occurred despite the Fed'sunexpected direct supply of temporary reserves. The Fedarranged two-day System repurchase agreements with fundstrading at 6-1/8 pct.    Treasury bill rates increased largely in response to thehigher funds rate. Rates on new three and six-month bills rosetwo and seven basis points from Monday's auction averages toclose at 5.55/54 pct and 5.70/69 pct. Year bills at 5.81/80 pctwere up eight basis points from yesterday's close.    Among notes, the 6-3/8s of 1989 dropped 1/8 to 99-9/16,with the 7-1/4s of 1996 down 3/4 at 97-3/8. Reuter&#3;