U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson said the meeting of six major industrial nations inParis last month agreed not to publish any bands in connectionwith their pact to stabilise currencies.    Questioned by a parliamentary select committee about whythe participating countries had not announced any bands, Lawsonreplied, "we all agreed it would be much more sensible not to."When asked whether that meant an informal joint currency floatwith set ranges was arranged in Paris, Lawson said "I do notwant to reveal the precise nature of the agreement, so as notto make it easy for" speculation against the accord.    Lawson said the Paris accord presumed that individualcountries would take corrective action if their currency beganreacting significantly to domestic macroeconomic factors.    But if such movements were due to extraneous factors,Lawson said the other pact countries would come to its aidthrough concerted intervention on the foreign exchanges.    "It is clear that both Germany and Japan are havingdifficulty adjusting to their very large exchange rateappreciations and making their economies more domesticallyoriented, just as it is taking time for the United States tomake its own economy more export oriented," Lawson said.    In his oral evidence to Parliament's Select TreasuryCommittee, Lawson repeated that he was happy with the pound'scurrent level, adding that "It is an objective ... To try tokeep it around that level."    He said the perception of sterling on foreign exchanges hadchanged since the steep drop in oil prices, largely because thepound had weathered that period so successfully. "There has beena reassessment of sterling's fundamentals," Lawson said.  Hedisagreed with what he termed "the grossly exaggerated claim"that real U.K. Interest rates were much higher than those ofother major industrialsed countries.    Using as a reference the key three-month sterling interbankrate as quoted in London, Lawson said Britain now had a realinterest rate level of 5.75 pct - the same as Japan did andonly a 0.75 percentaage point above the Group of Five average.    Lawson confirmed that "over the medium and longer term, thegovernment's objective is zero inflation."    He said the government's intention of its PSBR constant at1.0 pct of GDP "is the modern equivalent of the balanced budgetdoctrine."  He added that "to allow the debt/GDP ratio to remainconstant on anything other than zero inflation basis is simplya recipe for accelerating inflation." Reuter&#3;