Japan's ailing shipbuilding industryplans to refloat itself in a few years from the twin rocks ofrecession and a strong yen through capacity and workforce cutsand greater use of computers, industry sources told Reuters.    The salvage measures, which include a government-sponsoredrationalisation program, are aimed at clawing back some of themarket which Japan, the world leader, has lost to South Koreathrough currency and labour cost disadvantages, they said.    The sources said South Korea's yards are now some 35 pctmore competitive than Japan's due to such factors.    The government plans to help the industry shed 20 pct ofcurrent capacity within two years through mergers andregrouping under legislation put before Parliament this monthand likely to be approved by May or June, the sources said.    They said from September a semi-government body will assurerepayment of about 50 billion yen in liabilities incurredthrough job losses and the sale of excess capacity, and another30 billion for buying unneeded land and equipment.    Last Friday, the Shipbuilders Association of Japan appliedto the Fair Trade Commission to form a cartel to slash tonnagebuilt to about half of total capacity for a year from April 1.    The commission has held several hearings with the industryand approval should be given this month, the sources said.    A clampdown on output over one or two years combined with aplanned cost-cutting and streamlining program and state supportshould help Japanese yards recover their internationalcompetitiveness, they said.    Under the cartel proposals, 33 yards each capable ofbuilding ships of more than 10,000 gross tonnes would build amaximum of three mln compensated gross registered tonnes (CGRT)in 1987/88. This is about half of total capacity.    This will ease the cut-throat competition which forced mostyards to sign orders below cost, the sources said.    The industry is likely to seek to renew the cartel for1988/89 as the Transport Ministry sees new orders falling to3.1 mln CGRT in 1988/89 from 3.3 mln in 1987/88, they said.    The rationalisation program includes a cut of 20,000 to30,000 of the estimated 100,000 workers in the industry between1986 and 1989.    Japanese yards topped world order books at end-December,followed by South Korea and Taiwan, according to Lloyd'sRegister of Shipping.    However, falling orders and declining internationalcompetitiveness due to the strong yen led to heavy losses inthe industry, the sources said.    Four of Japan's six major heavy machinery and shipbuildingcompanies reported current deficits in the first half of theyear to March 31 and five of them are expected to reportcurrent deficits for the whole of 1986/7, they said.    The shipbuilding companies' streamlining program will raiseproductivity to compete with South Korean yards which have alsobeen hard hit by declining orders and low ship prices in recntyears, the sources said.    In Japan, no single yard leads the industry, resulting infierce competition and slow progress in reducing capacity. Thetwo largest firms -- Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd &lt;MITH.T>and Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Co Ltd &lt;JIMA.T> --account for only 30 pct of ships built, the sources said.    "World shipowners hope Japanese yards can manage to ride outthe recession as their technology is the best in the world,"said an official at a major Japanese shipping company.    The Japanese merchant fleet, the largest after Liberia's,has no intention of shifting to other countries to buy ships,and this will encourage Japanese yards, the sources said. REUTER&#3;