American Express Co said it wassubpoenaed by the Securities and Exchange Commission inconnection with documents on transactions in securities ofAmerican Express and its former unit, Fireman's Fund.    American Express said its brokerage unit, Shearson LehmanBrothers Inc was also served with a subpoena. Shearson acted asco-manager in the underwriting of units of Fireman's commonstock and warrants last May, was also served with a subpoena,it said.    American Express said the subpoena to Shearson relates totransactions with Jefferies and Co and others.    American Express said it and Shearson intend to comply withall requests from the SEC and to cooperate fully. AmericanExpress said neither company is aware of any unlawful conductwith respect to the matters and a thorough investigation iscontinuing.    American Express said the subpoenas were receivedyesterday, and that it and Shearson were unaware of any inquiryprior to receiving the subpoenas.    Yesterday, Boyd Jefferies, founder of Jefferies Group, saidhe agreed to plead guilty to two felony counts of securitiesviolations.    Jefferies also settled charges with the Securities andExchange Commission of market manipulation and another schemewith Ivan Boesky, who has settled SEC charges of insidertrading.    Jefferies' firm was censured by the SEC and ordered toretain an outside consultant to review its procedures.    In documents filed on Jefferies yesterday, the SEC did notidentify who was involved in the market manipulation schemeaside from Jefferies. It said "a certain issuer," which heldcontrolling interest in a second public company, offeredseveral mln shares of the company's common stock to the publicin a secondary offering during 1986.    The SEC alleged that Boyd Jefferies carried out a schemewith an unidentified person to drive up the price of the secondcompany's stock prior to the offering by having the Jefferiesfirm trade in the stock.    Jefferies and co was allegedly compensated for the lossfrom those trading activities after sending a fake invoice toanother unnamed person, the government charged.    American Express first offered Fireman's Fund Corp's stockto the public in 1985. It lowered its holding from 100 pct to41 pct. In May, 1986, it reduced its ownership interest to 27pct by completing a public offering of nine mln units.    Each unit consisted of one share of common and one warrantto buy Fireman's fund. The warrants are exercisable from theissue date through March, 1989.    At the same time, American Express sold warrants directlyto Fireman's Fund to purchase five mln shares. Those warrantsare exercisable between November, 1988 and March 1991.    American Express said if all warrants were exercised itwould own about 13 pct of Fireman's fund.    American Express stock fell 1-1/2, to 77-1/4 on volume of1.9 mln shares. The stock had been strong in the last two days,first on rumors, then an announcement of an understandingAmerican Express reached to sell Nippon Life Insurance Co 13pct of Shearson.    Wall Street has also been anticipating American Expresswill sell a stake in the brokerage unit to the public as well.    E.F. Hutton analyst Michael Lewis said he does not believethe subpoenas will affect Nippon's deal with American Express,but it could result in a delay of the public offeringanticipated for Shearson.    "If they're forced to keep a bigger percentage of Shearsona little longer...big deal. They're certainly not going tothrow Shearson away. Shearson is still an attractive asset," hesaid.    American Express has not commented on speculation it wouldoffer part of Shearson to the public, but it has said it wascontinuing to review options for the brokerage.    Analysts had speculated an offering of a part of Shearsonwould be forthcoming shortly.    "It puts a cloud over it for a while...The market isanxious to see them consumate whatever they were going toconsumate," Lewis said. Reuter&#3;