The sharp drop in the value of thedollar against the yen and the mark is the first serious testof last month's Group of Five (G-5) plus Canada agreement tostabilise currencies, dealers and bank economists said.    "The dollar will be pushed down until there is coordinatedcentral bank intervention," one dealer for a German bank said,echoing widepread sentiment in the market.    But opinion was divided on whether the united front forgedin Paris still exists. Some dealers said there were growingsigns the United States wanted the dollar to fall further.    Despite repeated Bank of Japan intervention, the dollarplunged to a post-war low in Tokyo today. It was quoted as lowas 148.40 yen in the Far East and dealers here said theyexpected the U.S. Currency to decline further.    "The dollar is now firmly within a broad 140 to 150 yenrange," Chase Bank AG's senior dealer Eckhart Hager said.    Others said there were technical reasons for the sharpdollar drop. "Window-dressing" operations by some Japanesecompanies who were selling dollars and buying yen before theend of the Japanese fiscal year on March 31 were underminingthe U.S. Currency.    Dealers said main reason for the sell-off was nottechnical. U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's comment theParis accord did not have fixed dollar targets was seen as arenewed attempt by the U.S. Administration to talk the dollardown.    "Suddenly, support levels which had existed for fear ofcentral bank intervention disappeared," one dealer said.    The Bank of Japan was believed to have bought some 1.5billion dlrs, and this with comments by Japanese officialsindicated Tokyo was unhappy about the plunge, dealers said.Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita threatened central bankintervention if necessary.    Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said today thetime had come for the six nations who agreed in Paris lastmonth to stabilise currencies - Japan, Britain, Canada, France,the U.S. And West Germany - to take action in line with thepact.    But the Bundesbank and other European central banks werenot detected in the open market during the European morning.Opinion here was divided on when the Bundesbank would act.    While some said the West German central bank would supportthe dollar once it fell below 1.80 marks, others said theBundesbank would only intervene after a fall below 1.75 marksor if the decline accelerated.    The Bundesbank last intervened on January 27, when thedollar threatened to fall below 1.81 marks.    "The Japanese seem to be on their own at the moment," onedealer said. Others said cooperation between central banks andgovernments was easier said than done.    Some said Baker's remarks and U.S. Trade RepresentativeClayton Yeutter's warning that the U.S. And Japan were on theverge of a serious trade conflict showed there was a rift.    "It's hard to tell whether the G-6 agreement still stands," adealer said. Another added, "If the Americans do not get whatthey want, they will push the dollar down, regardless of G-6."    Citibank AG also cast doubt on the chances of success forthe Paris agreement in its latest investment letter.    "It is hard to see that Japan and Germany are willing orable to loosen fiscal policy sufficiently to offset thenecessary U.S. Fiscal contraction," Citibank said.    It added, "Markets should therefore be aware that 1.80 marksis not the lower limit for the dollar -- a rate of 1.70 marksor even less is expected this year."    And London Broker Hoare Govett said in its March 1987economic report, "We are looking for a further, more gradual,fall, possibly to 1.60 marks by the end of the year."    But opinion about whether the Paris accord was still inforce was not universal. Some dealers said not too much shouldbe read into Baker's and Yeutter's comments.    "There is no reason to believe the Paris pact has brokendown," a senior dealer said. REUTER&#3;