The Group of Seven (G-7) industrial nationsstill comply with last February's Louvre accord to stabilizecurrencies, a senior Bank of Japan official said.    And U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's remarks at theweekend indicating the need to revise it do not herald a lowerrange for the dollar, other senior officials from the Bank ofJapan and Finance Ministry agreed in interviews.    "The exchange market is apparently reacting too much, andanyone who sold the dollar on the Baker comment will regret itlater on," the Bank of Japan official told Reuters.    The Bank official said Baker did not mean to talk thedollar down. A lower dollar would harm the U.S. Economy, henoted.    A Finance Ministry official who was directly involved inmonetary talks with other nations also said the U.S. Wouldnever attempt to lower the reference range for the dollaragainst the mark or the yen.    The market assumes the dollar reference range to be between140-150 yen and between 1.70 and 1.90 marks.    The dollar closed in Tokyo today at 1.7730/35 marks and141.35 yen.    "Behind Baker's remark was U.S. Frustration over higherinterest rates abroad, especially in West Germany, but thisdoes not represent its readiness to scrap the basic frameworkof the Louvre accord," the Finance Ministry official said.    He said that on the contrary Baker wanted to avoid anyfurther rise in U.S. Interest rates because it would not onlyhurt the U.S. Economy but aggravate the Third World debtproblem.    Higher U.S. Interest rates would merely raise theirinterest payment burden and depress U.S. Stock and bond marketsfurther, the monetary officials said.    Both the ministry and central bank officials, who declinedto be named, noted the U.S. No longer wants to see a furtherdecline of the dollar because that could also fan inflationaryexpectations in the U.S.    "That's why Baker did not fail to add that the Louvreagreement is still operative," the senior ministry officialsaid.    Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday thatWashington would reexamine the Louvre accord because of WestGermany's increase in short-term interest rates.    The market at first interpreted this as indicating the U.S.Would be ready to scrap the Louvre accord and let the dollardecline further unless surplus countries, notably West Germany,try harder to stimulate their economies as pledged in theaccord, foreign exchange dealers said.    But the market on reflection also noted Baker's additionalstatement that "the Louvre agreement is still operative," andthis caused some dollar short-covering in Tokyo today, thedealers said.    Uncertainty, however, remained the flavour of the day inTokyo currency markets.    The Japanese monetary officials said Baker's undisguisedpressure on West Germany to refrain from guiding interest rateshigher may be part of a process of multilateral surveillance,or international economic policy coordination.    The G-7, comprising the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,France, Italy and Canada, have agreed to monitor each other'seconomic policies and from time to time apply "peer pressure" topersuade others to change their policies to a desired course,they noted. "Without such a basic agreement of multilateralsurveillance, Baker would never have criticized the West Germanpolicy so openly," the ministry official said.    The U.S.-West German squabble over Bonn's monetary policyshould thus be regarded as a process of healthy policycoordination and not as any indication of a possible collapseof the Louvre agreement, the official said.    He also said Japan has not received any specific requestfrom the U.S. On its monetary policy, although its short-termmoney rates have been edging higher.    "This is because we, unlike the Germans, are not takingpolicy to guide interest rates higher, and the marginal raterise in recent days is primarily for seasonal reasons," headded. REUTER&#3;