A sharp oil price decline and sharpfluctuations of exchange and interest rates in 1986 produced amixed economic performance by the Association of SoutheastAsian Nations (ASEAN), a United Nations study said.    The annual report of the U.N. Economic and SocialCommission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) said theinternational economic environment reversed the fortunes of thetrade-oriented economies of the six ASEAN member countries.    It said the already low 1985 growth rates of ASEAN's oilexporting countries -- Brunei, Malaysia and Indonesia --dropped further after the oil price fall.    Three oil importers -- Singapore, the Philippines andThailand -- improved their performance mainly by restructuringtheir economies. But the report said the oil price fall reducedexport earnings, worsening economic prospects for theexporters.    The exporters' non-oil commodity prices did not show majorimprovement and protectionist pressures from industrialcountries restricted export of manufactured products, it said.    The GDPs of Indonesia, which was 1.9 pct in 1985, andMalaysia, which fell a real one pct, barely grew in 1986.    The two countries, buffeted by unfavourable externalfactors in the past few years, were forced to curb aggregatedomestic consumption demands last year to avoid severe balanceof payments pressures and to resort to extensive commercialborrowings.    The U.N. Body said the economic outlooks of Singapore,Thailand and the Philippines improved steadily in 1986 as theyear advanced. It said the most favourable factor benefitingthe three was the realignment of key currencies, especially theappreciation of the yen, which has resulted in the increasedcompetitiveness of their exports against those from Japan.    The report said the downward spiral plaguing the Philippineeconomy since 1983 was reversed into an estimated 0.9 pct GDPgrowth in 1986 with agriculture and public utilities becominggrowth sectors.    It said the resumption of the Philippines' sustained growthrests largely on a satisfactory solution of its debt problem.    ESCAP said the yen appreciation, together with economicrestructuring measures, played a big role in helping Singaporerecover faster than expected from its 1.8 pct GDP decline in1985.    It said the Singapore GDP achieved a growth of over one pctlast year after registering positive growth from the secondquarter.    The Singapore economic revival was hampered by its ownadjustment measures especially its two-year wage freezeenforced last April, a glut of its property market anddepressed conditions in its ASEAN neighbours which hurtSingapore because they take about a quarter of its totalexports.    The report said Thailand benefited from the changing worldeconomic environment far more than any of its ASEAN neighbours.    The Thai performance stemmed from the expansion o&#127; itsnon-traditional export items last year to cover moremanufactured products and its greater exploration ofunsaturated export markets such as Asia, the Middle East andthe European Community. REUTER&#3;