Exxon Corp reported a 37 pct drop infirst quarter profits to 1.07 billion dlrs citing lower oil andgas prices.    The company said profits in the lastest quarter included a26 mln drl restructuring gain from divestment of certain goldoperations overseas, while last year's first quarter profit of1.71 billion dlrs included the initial charge of 235 mln dlrsfor its 1986 corporate reorganization.    First quarter revenues were down 13 pct to 19.44 billiondlrs.       One time items aside, Exxon said, its first quarter resultswere stronger than 1986's final quarter which included severallarge asset sales and positive inventory adjustments.    It said earnings per share declined 36 pct reflecting thecompany's continued purchases of its own common for thetreasury. During the first quarter, 5,085,000 shares wereacquired at a cost of 416 mln dlrs compared with 3,132,000 in1986's fourth quarter.    Commenting on the first quarter, Exxon said crude oilprices strengthened moderately within the quarter and werehigher than a year ago at the end of the quarter.       However, average crude prices for the quarter were belowthe year ago period, leading to lower earnings for explorationand production operations, Exxon said.    Also contributing to reduced earnings were lower naturalgas prices, primarily overseas, representing contractadjustments representing contract adjustments tied to fallingproduct prices in 1986, the company said.    During the first quarter, the company said, intensecompetition in both domestic and international markets servedto depress margins for refined products.       Exxon said the lower product margins resulted insignificantly reduced earnings for refining and marketingoperations, contrasting sharply with the unusually strongmargins prevailing in the first qtr of 1986.    It said savings from efforts to control costs and improveefficiency helped soften the negative impact of lower oil andnatural gas prices.    Exxon said earnings from chemicals and power generationactivities showed consideratble improvement, remaining strongthroughout the period. Reuter&#3;