The 1988 agriculture budget willhave to be cut by an additional one to two billion dlrs, thechairman of a key house agriculture subcommittee said.    Implementation of a 0/92 program, a tightening up of theuse of commodity certificates, and reconstitution of farms arepossibilities that will be studied to reduce farm spending,said Dan Glickman, D-Kans., chairman of the House agriculturesubcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feedgrains.    Speaking at the annual meeting of the National Grain andFeed Association, Glickman said he learned this week from theHouse budget committee that the agriculture committee will haveto reduce the fiscal year 1988 farm budget by up to two billiondlrs from the 30 billion dlrs level already approved.    Decisions on how to cut the farm budget will have to bemade very quickly in order to make any impact on the FY 1988budget, Glickman added.    Glickman also said his committee will not approve USDA's proposal to cut target prices by ten pct per year.    "The administration's target price proposals are dead inthe water," he said.    To cut the budget, Glickman said, "everthing is on thetable," except those moves that would reduce farmers' income.    Glickman offered a list of possibilities that his committeewill study in order to cut farm spending.    Implementation of a 0/92 program for 1987 winter wheat and1988 feedgrains crops has been introduced by Glickman, which hesaid would result in a 150-200 mln dlr savings for one year.    Tightening up on the use of generic (in-kind, or "pik')certificates will also be another option his committee willstudy, Glickman said.    While not committing himself for or against such action, hesaid lawmakers have to examine recent government findings whichindicate certificates cost more than cash payments.    Glickman said rules for the reconstitution of farms andtightening up of the person definition for annual paymentlimitations is another option and could save 100-200 mln dlrs.    He also said increasing acreage set-aside requirements byfive pct for wheat and feedgrains at program sign-up was a movethat could save about one billion dlrs, but added that he wouldnot be in favor of such a change.    Glickman also said that the Export Enhancement Program's,EEP, spending authority of 1.5 billion dlrs is quickly beingused up, and Congress will have to decide whether to expandthis program while making cuts in other areas.    Cuts in the EEP program are unlikely, he said.    "I don't see right now that the EEP will be on the choppingblock," Glickman said. Reuter&#3;