Several leading farm-stateCongressmen said they will press the U.S. AgricultureDepartment to implement some kind of marketing loan to makesoybeans exports competitive while protecting farm income.    Speaking at a House grains subcommittee hearing, chairmanDan Glickman, D-Kan., proposed that Congressmen andrepresentatives of soybean growers meet with USDA on thesubject in the next two weeks.    "Let's see if we can try to push them (USDA) to dosomething without legislation," Glickman told the hearing.    The current soybean loan rate effectively is 4.56 dlrs perbushel with no income protection, or marketing loan.    David Haggard, American Soybean Association, ASA, presidentsaid USDA must make changes in the soybean program.    The current soybean program "gave us the worst of bothworlds," ASA's Haggard told the hearing. The 1987 loan rate istoo high relative to corn and is encouraging an expansion ofsoybean production in South America, he said. At the same time,the U.S. soybean loan rate is too low to provide any incomesupport for soybean farmers, Haggard said.    "We need some kind of market loan," he added.    The 1985 farm bill provides authority for the AgricultureSecretary to implement a marketing loan for soybeans but USDAso far has resisted pressure to use the authority.    Representatives of ASA met earlier this month with USDA,but Haggard said USDA officials gave no indication if theywould seriously consider offering a marketing loan.    USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz yesterday said thesoybean situation is a "dilemna" which has been studiedextensively by the department. But he did not say what, if anychanges, are under consideration.    In his testimony, Haggard indicated there are ways otherthan a marketing loan which should be considered to helpsoybean growers, such as a so-called producer option payment,or a direct payment program.    Haggard said barring any program changes, Commodity CreditCorporation, CCC, soybean stocks, now at 385 mln bu, will riseto 500 mln by the end of August. A further 100 mln bu ofsoybeans could be forfeited between September and end-year.    "Thus, CCC could own the equivalent of Brazil's entiresoybean crop by the end of calendar year 1987," Haggard said.    However, Haggard said that the U.S. should be cautious inmaking soybean program changes that might allow the EuropeanCommunity to challenge the U.S. program under the GeneralAgreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT.    He noted that The EC imports one quarter of U.S. soybeanproduction and loss of that market would be devastating.    The Reagan administration has given "mixed signals" onwhether it believes a marketing loan for soybeans could besuccessfully challenged in GATT by the EC, Haggard said.    While the ASA position is to support a 5.02 dlrs per buloan rate combined with a marketing loan, Haggard also endorseda proposal by Rep. Jerry Huckaby, D-La., which would set a sixdlrs per bu loan rate and apply a marketing loan.    The Huckaby proposal is also supported by the rankingRepublican on the House Agriculture committee, Rep. EdwardMadigan of Illinois.    Subcommittee chairman Glickman endorsed the need to takesome action on soybeans, but cautioned that the marketing loancould mean a substantial increase in budget costs.    Glickman noted that the Agriculture Committee must cut oneto 1.5 billion dlrs from its fiscal 1988 budget and thereforemust fit any soybean program changes into the overall budget.    Haggard said at a soybean loan rate of six dlrs per bucombined with a marketing loan, the U.S. soybean price mightfall to four dlrs per bu initially. This would cost thegovernment a maximum of two billion dlrs. But he said the costswould decline as market prices recovered. Reuter&#3;