Publisher Robert Maxwell's BritishPrinting and Communicaton Corp PLC said it filed a lawsuit inU.S. district court against Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc, itsdirectors and advisers to stop, among other things, payment ofthe special dividend Harcourt is paying as part of itsrecapitalization.    The suit, filed in Manhattan, also names First Boston Corp&lt;FBC> and seeks to void the issue by Harcourt of 40,000 sharesof super voting preferred stock to First Boston Securities Corpand the issue of convertible voting preferred stock with4,700,000 votes in the Harcourt employee stock ownership plan.    The preferred shares to be issued to First Boston have8,160,000 votes. The suit, brought derivatively on behalf ofHarcourt and individually in British Printing's capacity as asubstantial holder of Harcourt common shares and 6-3/8 pctconvertible debentures.    The suit alleges Harcourt's special dividend exceeds bymore than one billion dlrs Harcout's surplus available fordividends under New York law and contstitutes a fraudulentconveyance.    The lawsuit also alleges that Harcourt failed to disclosethat one consequence of the payment of the dividend, which itterms illegal, will be that shareholders will be liable torepay it.    Harcourt last week said it would pay 40 dlrs per share tostockholders as a special dividend. Harcourt also announced anextensive recapitalization plan, which analysts said was aimedat thwarting a takeover effort by British Printing.    British Printing last week withdrew its 44 dlr per share,or two billion dlr offer for Harcourt because of therecapitalizaton plan. At the time, it said it was reviewing itsalternatives.    British Printing said it filed the suit after consultationwith its advisers. Its lawsuit also alleges that Harcourtfailed to disclose the effect of the special dividend onHarcourt 6-3/8 pct convertible debentures.    British Printing alleges the effect will be an enormousincrease effective on the June eight record date for thedividend in the number of Harcourt common shares issuable uponconversion of the debentures. British Printing also charged Harcourt is unlawfully coercing debenture holders to convertdenbentures before the record date because Harcourt may nothave enough authorized common shares to honor conversion afterthe date.    British Printing holds 460,600 shares and 5.6 mln dlrsworth of debentures.    The suit also alleges that management, the board ofdirectors, and First Boston engaged in an illegal scheme ofentrenchment through a combination of selling to First BostonSecurities Corp the super voting preferred at a bargain price,the grant to the company employee stock plan of convertiblevoting preferred, the six mln share open market repurchaseprogram and the manner in which its financing has beenstructured. Reuter&#3;