Two World Bank review teams are in thePhilippines to assess government requests for funding for anexpanded housing plan and an accelerated land reform program,bank officials said.    They told Reuters the housing program loan request is for100 mln to 150 mln dlrs.    The government has said it will ask for another 500 mln dlrlong-term loan from a World Bank-led consultative group ofmultilateral and bilateral aid donors to partially fund itsland reform program.    The officials said negotiations will start next month onanother 150 mln dlr loan sought by Manila to carry out reformsin 14 major state-owned corporations.    On Tuesday, the world bank approved two loans totalling 310mln dlrs to help the country's economic recovery program.    The bank was also studying Philippine proposals for loansto finance geothermal and education projects, sources said.    World Bank sources said the bank's lending to thePhilippines since 1957, including the latest loan, totalled 4.3billion dlrs. The money has been spread out over more than 100loans and about 1.2 billion dlrs remains undisbursed.    The World Bank sources said the bank cancelled 450 mln dlrsin loan commitments to the Philippines during the last threeyears of President Ferdinand Marcos's rule. Marcos was toppledby a military-civilian revolt in February 1986.    "The loans were cancelled because the projects slated foraid were not implemented properly," they said.    The sources said the bulk of this week's loan would be usedto rehabilitate the state-owned Development Bank of thePhilippines (DBP) and the Philippine National Bank (PNB) whichare saddled with seven billion dlrs of non-performing assets.    "At least 300 mln dlrs of previously cancelled loans weresupposed to go to the DBP," the World Bank sources said. "Overthe past three years the bank's disbursement pipeline to thePhilippines almost completely dried up."    In 1986 alone, the two banks paid out 16 billion pesos inloan repayments, about 59 pct of the government's budgetdeficit of 27 billion pesos for the year, they said.    Agreement on the latest loan was reached in principle lastSeptember when President Corazon Aquino visited the U.S. Thesources said the loan was held up because of delays by thegovernment in submitting essential documents.    The World Bank sources said the request for land reformfunding would be discussed at a meeting of the World Bank-ledconsultative group to be held alongside the April 27-29 annualmeeting of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in Osaka.    The government has said the land reform plan aims todistribute 9.7 mln hectares of land to impoverished peasants.    The sources said the Philippine government estimated theentire program would cost 60 billion pesos. "About 27 billion islong-term and will cover land transfer costs borne mainly bylandowners," they said. "The landowners will be paid in 10-yearbonds redeemable in ten instalments."    The sources said the bulk of financing would coverdevelopment costs for the land program and help to bridge thegap between the 10-year spread of payments to landowners and aproposed 30-year loan repayment period for land buyers.    "If you include interest, the total amount of externalassistance needed annually should not exceed 200 mln dlrs," thesources said. "That volume of aid does not appear difficult."    They said Japan, the World Bank and the ADB are expected toprovide most of the financing while the Philippines' 12bilateral aid donors would contribute the rest.    The World Bank sources said lending to the Philippines isdesigned to support its balance of payments position while thegovernment aims for a target of six to seven pct annual grossnational product growth.    "Brazil did not do this homework," one said. "They pushedahead with a recovery program without ensuring backing fortheir balance of payments position. Manila is being morecautious and aims at soft borrowings which, it is hoped, willbe outstripped by annual growth rates and eventually result inthe country emerging from debt in five or six years."    Philippine foreign debt is currently 27.8 billion dlrs. REUTER&#3;