Schlumberger Ltd's &lt;SLB.N> decision toend an agreement in principle for Fujitsu Ltd &lt;ITSU.T> to buy80 pct of its &lt;Fairchild Semiconductor Corp>, and the politicalfurore that surrounded the proposed sale, will make Japanesecompanies more cautious in their efforts to acquire U.S. Hightechnology firms but will not halt such attempts, industryanalysts said.    The collapse of the deal will not be a critical blow toFujitsu but it will boost the cost of future U.S. Expansion bythe Japanese firm, said analysts polled by Reuters.    "The acquisition of Fairchild is not essential to Fujitsu'sNorth American operations, but it would have been a greatboost," James Capel and Co analyst Tom Murtha said.    French-controlled Schlumberger said yesterday it was endingthe agreement because mounting political controversy in theU.S. Made it unlikely that the sale of the Fairchild stakecould be completed in a reasonable time.    The sale was opposed by the U.S. Commerce Department andDefence Department, partly on national security grounds.    Fujitsu's acquisition of Fairchild would have given theJapanese computer maker control of a comprehensive NorthAmerican sales and distribution system and access tomicroprocessor technology, an area where Fujitsu is weak,analysts said.    The deal would also have given Fujitsu 14 additionalmicrochip production facilities worldwide, eight of them in theU.S., A report by the Capel firm said.    "It was an entry point, a port for semiconductors and amarketing channel for other things," said Barclays de Zoete Weddanalyst Rick May.    Several analysts said the purchase would not have givenFujitsu access to critical defence technology.    "(Fairchild) simply doesn't have key technology -- that's athing of the past," May said.    The failure could be a blessing in disguise for Fujitsu asit might have had to spend several hundred million dollars tomodernise Fairchild's production lines, Capel's Murtha said.    The failure of the deal will doubtless encourage Japanesefirms to take a lower profile in attempts to acquire U.S. Hightech firms but they are unlikely to stop, analysts said.    Most analysts said Fujitsu was likely to go the more costlyroute of expanding its own production and distributionfacilities in the U.S., Although some said it could use theestimated 200 mln dlrs set aside for buying Fairchild to try toacquire some less politically symbolic firm.    "It may slow the pace of Japanese acquisitions, but thenecessity of expanding their production and design capacity inAmerica remains," said Capel's Murtha. "The Japanese willcontinue to shop for bargains, but it will be harder to findones that are politically acceptable."    Japanese firms are likely to favour joint ventures orsmaller equity stakes in firms to avoid the political backlashthat blocked the Fairchild sale, analysts said. "They're notgoing to slow up, they're just going to buy smaller pieces ...Because of the political risk," said Barclays de Zoete's May.    Several Japanese firms have already taken 10 to 30 pctshares in smaller U.S. High technology firms such as superminicomputer makers, he said.    Opposition of the sort that blocked Fujitsu could end upharming U.S. Firms and undermining a trend toward multinationaltie-ups, some analysts said.    "This is not really of benefit to U.S. Firms either," saidJardine Fleming (Securities) Ltd analyst Nick Edwards. "Thepooling of resources in semiconductors is a positive move --why should the government step in to prevent it?"    Japan's Minister of International Trade and Industry HajimeTamura told a press conference that interference by U.S.Government officials in the Fairchild deal was inappropriate.    "This is entirely a private sector matter and not a matterfor governments' comment," Tamura said. "I think it was improperfor U.S. Government officials to intervene to the extent theydid," he said.    A spokesman told Reuters the ministry's view is thatinternational investment flows ought to be free and that suchflows are of increasing importance in line with the growingcloseness of U.S.-Japanese economic ties. REUTER&#3;