The Semiconductor IndustryAssociation is expected to report the sixth straight increasein its three-month average book-to-bill ratio, reflecting acontinued modest recovery in the computer chip industry,semiconductor analysts said.    Semiconductor analysts contacted by Reuters put the Marchbook-to-bill -- which is the ratio of new orders to actualsales -- at around 1.15, up from a preliminary 1.13 in thethree months ended in February. The association is expected torelease its estimates later today or on friday.    The analysts said they expect strong March performance bothin new orders and actual sales.    Michael Gumport, analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc,projected the three-month average of new computer chip ordersat about 835 mln dlrs, up from 788 mln dlrs in February.    He put three-month average sales at about 720 mln dlrs,also an increase from the 700 mln dlrs reported last month.    Gumport said average new orders over 850 mln dlrs would bea plus for semiconductor industry stocks, while orders under800 would be interpreted negatively on Wall Street.    Gumport said cut backs in Japanese computer chip productionare aiding U.S. chip maker orders and sales.    Edward White, analyst with E.F. Hutton Group Inc, saidwhile Japanese cut backs may be a small factor, their effectshould be more readily apparant in April and May.    White, who put the March book-to-bill ratio at 1.15-1.16,said the ratio might hit 1.20 later this spring, before showinga normal seasonal decline during the summer.    He forecast three-month average orders at 825 mln dlrs forMarch, with three-month average billings at about 711 mln dlrs.    "This says the industry is still in a phase of moderaterecovery...it is not dramatic yet," said White.    He said the industry still has not seen a pick-up in hightechnology capital spending needed to create a strong recovery.    He said a boost in spending on such big-ticket items asmainframe computers would enhance the recovery, which is nowfocused on personal and small business computers.    Kidder Peabody and Co analyst Michael Kubiak agreed theindustry is showing a recovery trend, that while encouraging,is not dramatic.    Kubiak projected the March book-to-bill ratio at 1.14. Hesaid the three-month average for orders will be up about 4.5pct from last month, while shipments rise about one pct.    He noted, however, orders during the month of March alone,a statistic the Semiconductor Industry Association does notpublish, should show a 15-20 pct rise from February orders.    Kubiak said a book to bill ratio of 1.14 would have littleor no effect on semincondutor industry stocks, while a ratio of1.13 would be negative for the market and a ratio of 1.16 wouldlikely cause the stocks to rise. Reuter&#3;