A voluntary compliance system formonitoring U.S. coffee imports under quotas is viewedskeptically by many in the coffee industry, said analysts andtrade sources.    "Many sectors of the trade, including large roasters and importers, are adamant against voluntary compliance because ofthe past, which was subject to tremendous irregularities as itbecame a matter of the trade monitoring each other," oneanalyst said.    On Monday, a National Coffee Association newsletter saidthe Office of U.S. Trade Representative will implement avoluntary compliance system temporarily because legislation tomonitor imports is tied up in the Congressional trade bill.    Under the arrangement, milar to one in 1980, coffeeimporters would voluntarily present needed documents to theU.S. government until Congress approves the monitoringauthority, but if coffee arrives without valid certification,it will still be allowed entry.    While many believe producers will not seek to add to theoverburdened stock situation in the U.S., others believe somewill ship outside of the quota requirements in lieu ofmonitoring controls, trade sources said.    "Last time, there was a lot of false information submittedto customs which resulted in a lot of indictments and fines," aU.S. Customs spokesman said.    "Customs can do a good job when given the tools, but whenits hands are tied, it doesn't have the authority to demandForm O (documents tracking merchandise from source todestination)," he said.    Many see it as a true test of whether producers andimporters will abide by the quota system.    "It is a key to seeing whether there are any teeth in thequota agreement," said one major U.S. roaster.     "Last time we had a gentleman's agreement, the trade didnot act as a gentleman," said another analyst adding, "withoutthe need to submit documents, the ball will be in theproducers' hands."    Some feel that importers will take advantage of thevoluntary compliance due to development of a two-tier market,in which non-member countries buy coffee at a big discount.Many fear that dealers will buy coffee destined for non-membercountries at discounts and then bring it into the U.S. falselylabelled.    According to customs officials, several green coffeeimporters confessed in 1985 that they had imported coffeefraudulently after buying it for non-member destinations,forging landing certificates and then relabelling it as navybeans.    "If there's that much of a discrepancy between prices forone country and another, producers may be teted to get rid oftheir stocks of coffee by selling to non-member nations and bycircumventing the quota provisions," said Paine Webber analystBernie Savaiko.    Still, others believe that producers will not be hardpressed to aggravate the overburdened coffee stock situation inthe U.S. in the near term.    "It would be naive to suggest that any agreement would nothave some share of connivance, but I think the voluntary systemseemed to suffice and, coupled with the fact that we have somuch coffee, I don't think that it poses that much of athreat," one trader said. Reuter&#3;