Ecuador is seeking between 437 and 450mln dlrs in loans this year from multilateral organisations andforeign governments to grapple with economic losses from adevastating earthquake 13 days ago, a presidential economicadviser said.    Foreign governments and multilateral organisations holdone-third of Ecuador's 8.16 billion dlrs total foreign debt, hesaid in a news conference at the presidential palace.    But he added that the suspension of payments to privateforeign banks, who hold the rest of the foreign debt, would beprolonged though the government hoped to negotiate an agreementwith these creditors.    President Leon Febres Cordero says the earthquake cost thecountry one billion dlrs in losses and left 1,000 people deador missing.    Swett, who was Finance Minister of Ecuador between August1984 to June 1986, added: "With the private foreign banks therehas been a ceasing of payments by Ecuador.    "We are bringing forward the respective negotiations whoseconclusion we hope finalises in the next few weeks."    Finance Minister Domingo Cordovez said last week thatquake-hit Ecuador sought through negotiations to postpone allpayments due to the private foreign banks in 1987 until nextyear.    Although Swett gave no gave details on the latest plan fornegotiations with private foreign banks, he calculated thesuspension of payment to these creditors would save thegovernment 54.45 billion sucres.    This amount is equal to 363 mln dlrs at the free rate of150 sucres to the dollar -- the rate Swett said reportersshould use in calculating the dollar equivalent.    The Ecuadorean central bank, which is the institutionremitting debt payments abroad, uses the official rate of 95sucres to the dollar for its accounting purposes. At theofficial rate, the 54.45 billion sucres' sum equals 573 mlndlrs.    Ecuador, squeezed by a slide last year in prices for crude,its main export, suspended payments to private foreign banks inJanuary.    Swett said the government would also seek to refinance the1.429 billion dlr section of the debt owed to the Paris Clubgroup of foreign governments, though it would continue toservice the debt with them. He gave no more details.    The government adopted a tough austerity program lastFriday intended to grapple with the tremor's economic costs.But the country's labour unions have called a general strikefor Wednesday to press for a suspension of the program.    The 500,000-strong Unitary Workers' Front (FUT) and the100,000-member General Union of Workers (UGT) called the striketo cancel the measures, which include a rise in petrol pricesof up to 80 per cent and budget cuts of as much as 10 per cent.    The leftist-led FUT said it was also backing a call by theMaoist Popular Movement for Democracy (MPD) party, to haveCongress impeach and oust Febres Cordero, a conservative, forhaving adopted the austerity measures. Reuter&#3;