The new Singapore governmentsecurities market will start trading in late April or early Mayafter President Wee Kim Wee signs the Development Loan Billapproved by parliament last week, bankers said.    But the new market is unlikely to attract many overseasinvestors, particularly as non-residents will be subject to awithholding tax on interest earned, Loh Hoon Sun, generalmanager of &lt;Overseas Union Bank Ltd>, said.    Overseas Union Bank Ltd is one of the five primary dealersapproved to underwrite the auctions and ensure liquidity.    The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), which approvedthe five underwriters, aims to issue seven billion dlrs oftreasury bills, notes and bond issues in the first year.    A MAS spokesman said a steering committee has yet todetermine details, but most of the new government securitieswill have a maturity of up to five years and 10-year paper maybe issued if demand emerges. Bonds and treasury bills will beissued in denominations of 1,000 dlrs and treasury bills in aminimum denomination of 10,000 dlrs.    Bankers said these rates will put the securities withinreach of almost everyone and will create a more active market.    Allocations will be made first for non-competitive bidsfrom primary dealers prepared to accept average yields on up to500,000 dlrs worth of notes and bonds and an unlimited volumeof treasury bills. The remainder will be awarded to competitivebidders offering the lowest yields.    The new market should stimulate the local economy. Fundswill come from savings and fixed deposit accounts, "but just howmuch will depend on the bond yields," Loh told Reuters.    Loh said bank interest rates currently stand at 3.0 to 3.5pct for fixed deposits and the prime rate is 5.5 pct, and theserates are expected to remain fairly steady this year.    An act of parliament passed last week granted the Singaporeauthorities permission to raise 35 billion dlrs in the newmarket over the next four years.    Trading will be computerised and scripless. REUTER&#3;