Taiwan's central bank announced that asfrom today the overseas foreign exchange borrowings of localand foreign banks would be frozen at the level they reached atthe end of May.    The central bank's statement added that the measure wouldbe effective until the end of July.    Bankers said the measure is designed to curb the inflow offoreign exchange and slow the growth of money supply. Theyadded that the move, which sparked a record single day plungeof the local stock market, would limit their ability to lendforeign exchange to importers and exporters.    Foreign exchange borrowings by local and foreign banksreached almost 12 billion U.S. Dlrs by the end of April,according to official statistics.    Last week the central bank said that from today it wouldreduce its purchase of forward U.S. Dollars from banks to 40pct from 90 pct of the value of the contract. It said the movewas needed because of "distortions" in the foreign exchangemarket.    Exporters, nervous about the appreciating Taiwan dollar,have been heavily selling forward U.S. Dollars on the interbankmarket to avoid exchange rate losses.    Official figures show that forward U.S. Dollar sales in Mayreached a record of almost six billion U.S. Dlrs against 5.9billion in April.    All Taiwan's foreign exchange earnings must be convertedinto local dollars, boosting money supply at a time of boomingexports. Money supply rose a seasonally adjusted 51.86 pct inthe year to end-April, raising fears of higher inflation.    In March the central bank clamped tight restrictions onremittances of foreign exchange by companies and individuals toTaiwan in a move to curb inflows of speculative money.    Economists and bankers estimate that the rising value ofthe local dollar has attracted about ten billion U.S. Dlrs ofspeculative money into Taiwan since early last year. It hasflowed in mainly from Hong Kong, Japan and the U.S..    Since September 1985 the Taiwan dollar has risen by about22 pct against the U.S. Dollar.    Bankers said the government's efforts to stabilise theforeign exchange market were a prelude to lifting all curbs oncapital outflows. The central bank has said the controls willbe dropped by the end of July or early August.    Foreign exchange dealers said today's announcement causedjitters in the market with foreign and local banks making heavypurchases of U.S. Dollars. They said the central bank soldabout 30 mln U.S. Dlrs.    Taiwan's stock market plunged a record 75.53 points toclose at 1,803.08. REUTER&#3;