A steep drop in goods-producing jobsdetracted from U.S. March non-farm payroll employment and makesit unlikely that the Federal Reserve will tighten monetarypolicy to defend the dollar, economists said.    U.S. March non-farm payroll employment rose 164,000, lessthan the gain of 220,000 to 290,000 the financial marketsexpected. Manufacturing employment fell 25,000, compared withFebruary's 50,000 gain, while March construction employmentdropped 45,000 after being unchanged in February.    "The momentum of industrial activity is tapering off as weend the first quarter," said Stephen Roach of Morgan Stanleyand Co Inc. "This sets the stage for more sluggish growth inthe second and third quarters."    "The Fed will view this as a caution flag on the economy,"he said. "They will not ease as long the dollar is weak, butclearly they can't tighten."    David Wyss of Data Resources Inc said that the downwardrevision in February non-farm payroll employment to 236,000from 337,000 means that employment gains in the first quarterwere weaker than expected.    While Wyss left his first-quarter forecast of real U.S.gross national product growth at 3.5 pct, he said the Marchjobs data suggested a downward revision in his second-quartergrowth forecast to 2.5 pct from 2.8 pct.    Bill Sullivan of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc said the averagemonthly gain in non-farm jobs in the first quarter was only237,000, compared with 254,000 in the fourth quarter of 1986.    "There's momentum in first quarter labor force activity, but less than assumed," he said. "Gains in goods-producing jobswere subdued at best. This rules out any possibilty of the Fedtightening for exchange-related purposes."    In March, the average workweek fell back to its Januarylevel of 34.8 hours from 35.0 hours in February. Manufacturinghours also fell back to their January level, totalling 40.9hours in March compared with 41.2 hours in February.    The Commerce Department noted that loss of manufacturingjobs in March was concentrated in automobile, electrical and electronic manufacturing.    Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities International said that a13,000 decline in auto manufacturing employment accounted fornearly half of the total drop in manufacturing jobs.    Economists said that a build-up in auto inventoriesresulting from a steep drop in sales has finally caught up withthe labor force and may point to slower growth ahead.    Most expect an increase in inventories of as much as fivepct to offset a steep four to five pct drop in final sales inthe first-quarter GNP accounts.    Roach said he expects first quarter U.S. GNP to rise twopct, to be followed by a gain of 1.0-1.5 pct at best in thesecond and third quarters. He said the March drop in industrialactivity "is a reasonable response in light of the inordinatecontribution inventory accumulation made to GNP."    Economists said the employment data also suggest weak gainsin industrial production and personal income for March.They expect only marginal gains, if not small declines, forthese indicators, compared with a February increases of 0.5 pctin industrial production and 0.9 pct in personal income.    Steve Slifer of Lehman Government Securities said the dropin March construction employment may also signal a drop inMarch housing starts, which rose 2.6 pct in February to 1.851million units at an annual rate from 1.804 million units inJanuary.    The rate of unemployment fell to 6.6 pct, its lowest levelsince March 1980, from 6.7 pct in February. But Wyss pointedout that this resulted from a drop in the labor force, which fell to 119.2 mln in March from 119.35 mln in February.    "This just means that there were fewer people looking forwork, so the drop in unemployment doesn't mean much," he said.    He said the latest employment report will not concern theFed because it does points to GNP growth in the first half of2.5-3.0 pct, but "it does suggest they can't afford to tightento quickly either."    The statistical factors used to smooth out seasonalfluctuations in the jobs data may have understated March laborforce gains, just as seasonal factors probably overstated themin January and February, Slifer said, but are consistent withhis forecast of 1.8 pct first quarter GNP growth.    Economic growth remains sluggish, but Silfer does not thinkthat the Federal Open Market Committee changed policy at theirmeeting this week. "At some point they will be more inclined toease," he said. For the time being, however, the Marchemployment report "increases the likelihood they won't tighten,regardless of the dollar." Reuter&#3;