Brazil's financial crisis is rapidlybecoming a political and social crisis, and President JoseSarney faces increasingly serious questions about his future.    As Brazil enters debt talks with creditors in the UnitedStates this week, political analysts say Sarney'sadministration has never appeared weaker.    The full political price which Sarney will have to pay forthe failure of the much-vaunted anti-inflation Cruzado Plan isstill not clear. He might have to pay with the presidency.    Calls are increasing for direct presidential elections topick a successor to Sarney early next year. The length of histerm will be decided by a Constituent Assembly, and Sarney hasbeen lobbying for a six-year term.    Sarney came to power, without facing presidentialelections, in March 1985, when the military bowed out after 21years of rule.    Although there was wide public support for direct elections for president, the military as one of their lastacts, insisted an electoral college, where it felt it had moreinfluence, make the choice.    The college chose Tancredo Neves, a popular politician whoheaded the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), whichhad opposed military rule.    In part to smooth relations with the military, Neves choseSarney, a supporter of the generals, for the purely ceremonialpost of vice-president. But Neves died before he could takeoffice and Sarney took power.    He won the grudging support of the PMDB and the CruzadoPlan was wildly popular with inflation-weary Brazilians.    But the Cruzado Plan failed and politics in Brazil has notbeen the same.    "The country is a rudderless ship," said a U.S. Diplomat,echoing a common view that the government lacks any clear ideaof how to tackle the economic crisis.    Sarney has appeared increasingly isolated, with criticismcoming from the business community, the trade unions, some ofthe military, the media and political opponents.    Many businessmen are unhappy with Sarney's decisionannounced on February 20 to suspend interest payments on 68billion dlrs of foreign debt.    A motor industry executive said: "The business communitythinks Brazil should go to the IMF. Their rules are sometimesharsh and strict, but this is the only way to put the house inorder."    Trade unions generally support the debt moratorium, butdisagree with other aspects of government policy. Since the endof February they have organized national strikes of seamen,bankworkers and federal university teachers and countless localstoppages and protests.    Economic problems have prompted criticism from somemilitary figures, including the last army ruler, General JoaoFigueiredo. It is a sign of the times that almost dailymilitary men deny there is going to be a coup.    If the army does stay in the barracks, the key arbitors ofSarney's fate will be the PMDB's leaders. So far, they have nottaken a clear stand on the issue of direct elections.    But one PMDB leader, Senator Affonso Camargo, pointedlysaid yesterday that it was the sovereign right of theConsituent Assembly to call direct elections for the presidencywhenever it wished.    In the media, Sarney has to contend with strong criticism.    One senior political commentator, Fernando Pedreira of theJornal do Brasil, wrote in the newspaper last week:    "President Sarney is ... a man of good intentions, but itis just possible that he himself is not aware of the true stateof the country and the people since the immense failure of theCruzado Plan.    "The disappointment, the frustration, the irritation, theenticement have been (and continue to be) too great, tooprofound."He called for direct elections early in 1988 as theonly way out of the present crisis.    One of Sao Paulo's leading news magazines, Senhor, said inan editorial this week: "The anarcho-populist government ofPresident Jose Sarney has failed. Two years have already beentoo long for such a disastrous experience.    "It deserves to be buried as quickly as possible. Thenatural solution: direct elections soon."    The government's inability to control inflation is nowbringing with it serious social problems.    An explosion in rents in Sao Paulo has thrown tens ofthousands of families onto the streets because they can nolonger afford to pay even for a wooden shack in the slums.    The local press says the city is experiencing the biggestwave of land invasions in its history.   According to rental agencies, rents have increased 500 pctin little more than a year. Even the cheapest shacks now cost2,000 cruzados (90 dollars) a month, half as much again as theminimum wage, which is all that many earn.    Cardinal Paulo Evaristo Arns, the Roman Catholic archbishopof Sao Paulo, warned yesterday of the possibility of "a socialconflict of unimaginable proportions."    With his back to the wall politically and with socialtensions rising, Sarney is no position to compromise on debt. Reuter&#3;