The Bundesbank did not intervene asthe dollar was fixed lower at 1.8218 marks after 1.8243yesterday, dealers said.    Dealers said dollar trading was very quiet over theEuropean morning, with operators made wary by today's meetingof the Group of Five finance ministers and central bank chiefsahead of the full IMF/World Bank session in Washington.    It was undermined by remarks from U.S. Council of EconomicAdvisers Chairman Beryl Sprinkel who told Iowa bankers the U.S.Had no objective regarding the value of the dollar.    Sprinkel also called the reference to stabilizing exchangerates at about current levels, made at the Paris meeting onFebruary 22, a "vague statement," casting doubt on operators'assumptions that a secret target level had been set.    Sprinkel added that if West Germany and Japan made progressto stimulate their economies as the Paris agreement envisaged,"there would not be the necessity of significant declines in thedollar."    One dealer for a U.S.-based bank noted the dollar tendedeasier after the remarks. "They were obviously regarded as beingnegative. And if the market starts regarding anything thatcomes out negatively then it means that the underlyingsentiment is negative," he said.    Some early selling pressure softened the dollar'sundertone.    Most operators overlooked intervention by the Bank of Japanto support the dollar against selling in favour of the yen byinstitutional investors and overseas operators, dealers said.    After the strong focus on the dollar/yen rate in recentweeks up to the end of the Japanese financial year on March 31,interest and activity was likely to switch, dealers said.    "We can start to look at a point in time where the interestshifts away from dollar/yen and more into dollar/mark and theother European currencies," the U.S. Bank dealer said.    Despite the softer undertone, traders would remain wary oftaking significant new positions during the Washingtonmeetings, dealers said. Aside from the G-5 session today,Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl is due to meet the GermanAffairs group on international monetary issues later.    The mark gained some strength from news the Bundesbank seta new securities repurchase tender to add money marketliquidity at a fixed 3.80 pct, unchanged from those over thelast several weeks. Some expectation had been growing that itmight cut the rate or move to a minimum interest rate tender,signalling a desire for a slight easing in credit policy.    Bundesbank central bank council member Lothar Mueller saidthe Bundesbank had not given up its focus on money supply. Amonetary policy which took into account exchange rates andcapital flows could not be confused with an exchange-rateoriented policy, he said, contradicting some growing sentiment.    Sterling eased a touch to 2.950 marks at the fixing from2.957. The yen's unabated strength, despite the intervention,brought it up to 1.2555 marks per 100 from yesterday's 1.2480.    The Swiss franc rose to a fix of 120.515 marks per 100 from120.180. The French franc eased to 30.055 marks per 100 after30.060, Belgian franc was little changed at 4.829 marks per100. REUTER&#3;