The U.S. Congress is making Japan,with its enormous worldwide trade surplus, the symbol of theU.S. trade crisis and the focus of its efforts to turn aroundAmerica's record trade deficit.    "Japan has come to symbolize what we fear most in trade: thechallenge to our high technology industries, the threat ofgovernment nutured competition, and the multitude of barriersto our exports," Senate Democratic Leader Robert Byrd said.    "If we can find a way to come to terms with Japan over tradeproblems, we can manage our difficulties with other countries,"the West Virginia Democrat said at a Senate Finance Committeehearing on the trade bill.    Byrd and House Speaker Jim Wright, a Texas Democrat, havemade trade legislation a priority this year and a wide-rangingbill is being readied for probable House approval next month.    Japan's bilateral trade surplus jumped from 12 billion dlrsin 1980 to 62 billion dlrs last year. Its surplus rose to 8.14billion dlrs in February from 5.7 billion dlrs in January.    Congress points to the record 169 billion dlrs U.S. tradedeficit in 1986 and the slow response in the trade imbalance tothe dollar's decline in world currency markets as a reason topress Japan to buy more U.S. goods.    They are particularly dismayed by the rapid deteriorationin U.S. exports of sophisticated computer technology.    In response to the growing anger and pressure by the U.S.semiconductor industry, President Reagan Friday announced heintended to raise tariffs as much as 300 mln dlrs on Japaneseelectronic goods in retaliation for Japan's failure to abide bya 1986 U.S.-Japanese semiconductor agreement.    Congress also has been been angered by the administration'slack of success with Japan on a host of other trade issuesincluding beef, citrus, automobile parts, telecommunicationsgoods, and financial services.    The bulk of the House trade bill was written last week infour committees. It is a package of trade sanctions andmeasures to force the administration take tough action againstforeign trade barriers and unfair competition.    Although most provisions do not single out Japan, in manycases their impact would be to restrict imports of Japaneseproducts or make them more expensive with higher duties.    The cornerstone of the trade legislation passed the HouseWays and Means Committee by a vote of 34 to 2. Its focus is toforce President Reagan to retaliate against unfair foreigncompetition and to make it easier for U.S. industries to wintemporary relief from surges in imports.    The most controversial issue, an amendment to restrictimports if countries such as Japan with large surpluses do notbuy more U.S. goods was left for an April vote by the House.    Rep. Richard Gephardt, a Democratic presidential aspirantfrom Missouri, has the support of Wright and other keyDemocrats to press for passage of the amendment.    The measure would have the most impact on Japan, WestGermany, Taiwan and South Korea. If Japan, for example, doesnot reduce its barriers by mid-1988, the United States wouldset import quotas or tariffs to cut Japanese surplus by ten percent a year for three years.    "I'm tired of going into companies and having managers sayto me, 'We're not over competing in Japan because we can'tcompete in the marketplace.' That argument needs to be takenaway from American business," Gephardt said.    The administration has said it could not support a tradebill containing such a provision.    &#3;