Analysts said they were surprised atthe government's announcement of a forecast budget surplus forfiscal 1988 but said it was consistent with previous policystatements and positive for the economy.    Finance Minister Roger Douglas predicted a budget surplusfor the year ending March 1988 of 379 mln New Zealand dlrsagainst a 1.95 billion deficit last year.    Analysts polled by Reuters said the forecast budget surpluswas even more positive than the most bullish analysts'forecasts and that this was good news for financial markets.    Market expectations among analysts questioned by Reutersbefore the budget varied widely between a balanced budget and a2.3 billion dlr deficit. But none predicted a surplus.    The forecast initially looks positive for both the bond andthe foreign exchange markets, one analyst said. Paradoxically,the New Zealand dollar could rise in the medium term, despitelower interest rates, as overseas investors became moreconfident about investing in New Zealand, he said.    However, some foreign exchange dealers disagreed, sayingthe local dollar is primarily interest rate driven and willmove lower.    The local dollar dropped to 0.5940/50 U.S. Dlrs in afterhours trading, against 0.5970/77 just before the budgetrelease.    Analysts said the budget was also positive for the sharemarket, despite an increase in the contribution of companytaxation to revenue figures.    One equities analyst predicted that the budget surplusannouncement could push the share market up by 50 pointstomorrow.    The Budget statement was broadly as expected, with acontinuation of existing policies, and the absence oftraditional pre-election incentives would be viewed positivelyby overseas investors, another said.    But one merchant bank economist said that certain anti-taxavoidance measures could damage some sectors of the sharemarket, particularly multi-national companies.    The government is also lowering its borrowing requirements,through bond tenders, as a result of the surplus. Therequirement for the rest of the year is now down to 950 mlnN.Z. Dlrs from a predicted 1.75 billion.    Predicted revenue in the Budget looked sustainable andthere appeared to be no holding back on expenditure, anothereconomist said. He added that the document seemed entirelycredible.    "Altogether it looks good for Labour's election prospects,"he said.    An election is due before the end of September. REUTER&#3;