Controversy surrounding U.S.-backedreforms in the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB)underscores the mounting challenge to Washington's current debtstrategy, according to Latin American officials and delegatesto the IADB meeting that begins here today.    The bank's policy-making board on Saturday postponed adecision on the reforms until June in view of strong LatinAmerican opposition to U.S. Proposals to strengthen its controlover lending to the region.    Washington wants to involve the IADB in its debt strategythrough increased lending, but as the bank's largest singleshareholder it also wants to require countries to adoptfar-reaching economic reforms to qualify for loans.    The U.S. Push for IADB reforms, which began at last year'smeeting in Costa Rica, is particularly sensitive in aninstitution Latin Americans have traditionally thought of astheir own.    "It's almost an issue of sovereignty for the LatinAmericans," one IADB official said.    With a 54.2 per cent voting bloc, Latin American nationshave had relatively easy access to 35 billion dlrs in projectloans since the bank's founding in 1959.    The bank has also been run for the past 12 years by aMexican, Antonio Ortiz Mena, who has been increasingly criticalof U.S. Debt strategy in the last two years.    Ortiz Mena says commercial banks must renew lending to theregion if debtors are to grow and repay creditors. At a newsconference last week he warned that Latin defaults were adistinct possibility in the long run.    Brazil insists its debt service obligations should in noway interfere with growth priorities, a position putting theissue of debt relief squarely into focus for the first time,officials and delegates said.    They said creditors are not ready to discuss debtforgiveness and prefer to look at schemes such as debt-equityswaps in combination with a continuing emphasis on economicreforms.    Washington wants the IADB to impose greater conditions onlending, and has threatened to block increased appropriationsfor the bank if it does not get its way.    Latin America, while retaining reservations, now acceptsthe principle of setting greater conditions on loans, but isunwilling to countenance U.S. Demands for greater veto powerson lending, officials and delegates said.    Washington has pushed for veto power to be lowered to 35pct from a simple majority as at present. Latin Americans areunwilling to go below 40 pct, which would oblige the U.S. Toline up two other voters or voting blocs on its side.    This attempt to weaken Latin America's voting power, andparticularly a threat by Washington to reduce funds to the IADBunless its reforms are accepted, has created considerableresentment among Latin Americans.    "Debtors have already shown considerable willingness tosacrifice over the last five years so economic adjustment isnot at issue," one Latin American official said.    The region has been hoping for a seventh replenishment ofIADB resources of at least 20 billion dlrs for 1987-90, asagainst 15.7 billion for the previous four-year period. REUTER&#3;