The massive plunge in Tokyo stock prices onTuesday could rob the Government of much-needed revenue to spurJapan's economy, and may hurt banks' ability to lend abroad,analysts polled by Reuters said.    "The Japanese Government is depending on the sale of NTT(Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp &lt;NCCT.T>) shares for muchof its public spending budget," said Shigeo Suzuki, a deputygeneral manager at the Industrial Bank of Japan.    Japan had hoped to raise at least 5,000 billion yen fromthe sale of 1.95 mln NTT shares on November 10.    However, the 14.9 pct plunge in the Tokyo share index todayhas made such plans look unrealistic, analysts said.    "The government could defer the sale of NTT or they couldoffer fewer shares," said Keikichi Honda, general manager ofeconomic research at the Bank of Tokyo Ltd.    Honda said another possibility is that the underwritershandling the NTT sale would have to pay the Government theamount it expected to get and bear the brunt of any lossesthemselves. "That is what underwriting means," he added.    A Finance Ministry official confirmed that the governmentplanned to go ahead with its sale of NTT shares on November 10.    Another possible effect of Tokyo's stock tumble would be toseriously undermine the asset base of Japanese banks.    The banks lend money all over the world and regard themarket value of stock holdings as assets, analysts said.    "Japanese banks make loans using perhaps as much as 60 to 70pct of the market value of their unrealised stock holdings asassets," said Industrial Bank's Suzuki.    There is also concern that Japanese companies, which haveinvested heavily in Tokyo's stocks as their real businessdeclined over the last two years, have sustained heavy losses.    "Many companies, mainly export-oriented companies, wereplanning on selling their shares for a profit to reinvest inreal businesses as the economy begins to pick up," said oneanalyst at a foreign brokerage. "That prospect now looks dim."    But analysts said it is unlikely companies or financialinstitutions will be bankrupted by losses in stock trading.    "I don't think any company is so badly exposed in stockinvestments," said a senior analyst at Nomura ResearchInstitute. "In terms of financial institutions, luckily therebounding bond market and currency markets are stillprofitable," he added.    The Nomura analyst said a 10 pct decline in Tokyo stockswould be translated into a fall of about 0.2 pct in consumerspending. Some 20 pct of Tokyo stocks are owned by individuals.    Market capitalisation on the Tokyo Stock Exchange fell to329,588 billion yen on Tuesday from 386,041 billion at Monday'sclose.    NTT shares ended 260,000 yen lower at 2.65 mln each, welldown from their peak of 3.18 mln in April. REUTER&#3;