U.S. banks and savings and loaninstitutions could face important changes as a result ofemergency legislation adopted overwhelmingly by the SenateBanking Committee.    The bill approved 12-6 yesterday would rescue theunderfunded federal deposit insurance fund for thrifts andtemporarily halt new developments in the provision of financialservices.    The bill, which goes to the full Senate, will infuse abadly needed 7.5 billion dlrs into the Federal Savings and LoanInsurance Corp., which insures accounts of depositors.    It also limits banks' ability to sell securities andrestricts a new breed of competitor, the so-called nonbankbanks.    Committee Chairman William Proxmire, the bill's sponsor,promised the committee will work on a long-term plan for newdevelopments in the financial services industry, which isconfronted by growing competition from firms in othercommercial centers, such as London and Tokyo.    "This bill we are taking up today is the first step in thiseffort," the Wisconsin Democrat said.    But Sen. Jake Garn, the committee's top Republican,chastised senators for imposing temporary restrictions onfinancial providers.    "It is time to forget the special interests," the Utahsenator said.    Garn failed to win approval for an amendment that wouldhave eliminated virtually all of the bill's provisions exceptthe rescue for FSLIC.    A major controversy focused on nonbank banks, which offerlimited financial services of a bank and avoid most bankingregulations.    Proxmire succeeded in closing a loophole which would permitnew nonbank banks and thrifts until Congress passescomprehensive bank reform, a move welcomed by the bankindustry.    But at the same time, the bill set a moratorium on a numberof new activities that banks may undertake, including sellinginsurance, securities and real estate for one year after thebill becomes law.    The 7.5 billion dlr rescue for FSLIC represented acompromise between a larger amount sought by the Reaganadministration and a smaller figure proposed by the thriftindustry.    The U.S. League of Savings Institutions, an industry group,feared approval of a larger amount for FSLIC would lead to asurge of closings of thrifts by federal superviors.    "We hope the Congress will finally settle on a lower number,"William O'Connell, president of the league, said after thecommittee voted. Reuter&#3;