Lloyds Bank Plc said it is withdrawingfrom market making in Eurobonds and U.K. Government bonds(gilts).    It said in a statement it will maintain an active presencein short-term securities trading, swaps and other treasuryproducts, building on its strengths in traditional foreignexchange and money markets.    In the statement, Lloyds chief executive Brian Pitman said"We have a relatively small position in these two overcrowdedmarkets and we have decided to reallocate the resources toopportunities which promise a better return on ourshareholders' investment."    With this decision, Lloyds becomes the second major U.K.Clearing bank to feel the effects of the deregulation of theLondon Stock Exchange, or "Big Bang," last October. Earlier thisyear, Midland Bank Plc pulled out of equity market makingbecause it did not believe the return justified the costsinvolved in maintaining and developing a market share.    Lloyds Treasurer Alan Moore subsequently told Reuters thatthe decision was taken at a board meeting earlier today and hadbeen under discussion for some time.    He said the move was not a reaction to any losses sustainedin the trading of Eurobonds or gilts but rather a result of a"strategic review" of the future of Lloyds involvement in thesemarkets. In the end, Lloyds decided these markets did notrepresent "an attractive return to our shareholders," he said.    He noted that Lloyds had not expected its U.K. Governmentbond operations would be profitable in the early stages,although he declined to discuss the finances of the operation.    "This is an overcrowed market," Moore said of the U.K.Government bond market, which began Big Bang with 27 marketmakers. Lloyds withdrawal now leaves the number at 26.    Market participants noted that Lloyds was the only one ofthe clearing banks which did not buy a jobber (middle man) orbroker before Big Bang.    Under the old system, the gilt market operated under aseparate system which involved separate functions for jobbersand brokers. Now these tasks have been taken up by marketmakers acting as both.    Moore said that one reason Lloyds decided to withdraw fromthese markets was that they could no longer justify thecommitment of capital that was required to maintain theseoperations.    He said Lloyds would make every effort to redeployemployees in these areas within the bank. REUTER&#3;