CPC International Inc said it reachedan agreement in principle to sell its European corn wet millingbusiness to Agricola Finanziaria SpA, a member of the FerruzziGroup, for a price in excess of 600 mln dlrs.    The transaction is expected to be completed by September30.    CPC said it expects no material gain or loss this year fromthe transaction. But the effect of the deal on 1987 earningscan be evaluated in full only when the definitive pacts arecompleted, it said.    The long-term effect of the transaction on CPC's earningsshould be positive, it added, as it will allow capitalexpenditures to be cut back and will reduce corporate anddivisional overheads as well as operating expenses in theEuropean business.    The sale is an important part of a restructuring announcedin November, CPC said.    Proceeds of the sale will be used to reduce debt incurredin the purchase of the Arnold Foods and Old London specialtybaking businesses and the stock repurchase program that was part of the restructuring.    As of December 31, CPC had bought about 15 mln of itscommon shares, adjusted for a 2-for-1 split in January, for atotal cost of 621.8 mln dlrs, according to its 1986 annualreport.    In December, CPC acquired Arnold Foods and Old London for atotal of about 170 mln dlrs.    CPC had previously said it wanted to sell the European cornwet milling business and use the proceeds to help reduce debt,including that incurred under the share buyback.    In total, CPC has bought back about 16 mln shares of commonstock, adjusted for the split, it said today. In November itauthorized a buyback of 20 mln shares, adjusted for the split.    The buyback and the restructuring were triggered inNovember, after companies controlled by Ronald Perelman,chairman of Revlon Group Inc &lt;REV>, acquired about 7.6 pct ofCPC's then outstanding stock.    In 1986, the European corn wet milling business had salesof 914.1 mln dlrs, operating income before overheads of 68.8mln dlrs and associated headquarters overhead costs of 19.7 mlndlrs, according to CPC's 1986 annual report.    The businesses' assets were 645.7 mln dlrs in 1986, thereport said. Reuter&#3;