Sand Technology Systems Inc said it isconsidering a reverse stock split of at least one-for-10 andexpects to report a second-quarter profit, compared to a losslast year.    The stock consolidation "is something we're discussing, butit's not definite," Sand Technology president Jerry Shattnertold Reuters in an interview.    A private placement recently brought the number ofoutstanding shares to 106 mln, up from 97.1 mln shares on July31, 1986, the fiscal yearend.    "The company has always had the aura of a penny stock,"Shattner said, adding that Sand plans, at some time, to applyfor listing on the Montreal Stock Exchange.    Shattner said the company expects to report a profit offive pct, or about 350,000 dlrs, on sales of seven mln dlrs,for the second quarter ended January 31. Results for the thirdquarter should be about the same as the second, he added.    Last year, Sand lost 243,064 dlrs on revenues of 7,012,195dlrs in the second quarter.    After "a disastrous first quarter," Sand hopes to break evenin the current fiscal year, Shattner said. The company hasscaled back its sales forecast to about 25 mln dlrs, from the33.5 mln dlrs projected in December.    The rapid appreciation of the Japanese yen against U.S. andCanadian dollars last year led to Sand's loss of 2.1 mln dlrs,or two cts per share, on sales of 24.9 mln dlrs.    In the first fiscal quarter this year, the company lost1,350,387 dlrs, or one ct per share, on sales of 3,570,585dlrs.    Shattner believes the company will post better results thisyear due to several factors.    "Last year, one of our biggest problems was we were buyingproducts in Japanese yen. We now buy some products from Hitachiin U.S. dollars and the results are starting to show up in thesecond quarter," he said.    Sand Technology sells, under its trademark, computeraccessories such as disk drives, solid-state memory enhancementdevices and printers manufactured by Hitachi Ltd &lt;HIT> ofJapan.    Shattner said Sand's affiliate in Detroit, ST Systems Inc,is developing software that lets large maniframe computershandle large databases and share them between applications.    It is also distributing a new product called Sapiens, whichis artificial intelligence computer language for use by majorcorporations.    The company has also reduced costs through some staffcutting and a switch to profit sharing plans for sales staffinstead of straight commissions, Shattner said.    And Sand plans to market a laser printer in the fourthfiscal quarter, Shattner said. Reuter&#3;