Government and monetary authorities todaystaged a concerted effort to calm spreading panic on Japanesestock exchanges but market analysts said there were limits totheir ability to succeed.    "The ability of the Big Four (Japanese securities houses)and the Finance Ministry is limited," said Barclays de ZoeteWedd economist Peter Morgan.    Finance Ministry officials asked the big four securitiescompanies this afternoon to help calm panic selling on theTokyo Stock Exchange, ministry officials said.    Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone was quoted by Kyodo NewsService as saying he was watching the stock market situation.    But he rejected comparisons with the 1929 stock marketcollapse and subsequent recession.    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said the Tokyo stockmarket should not be gravely affected by downturns in New Yorkand London because there are clear signs of a Japanese economicrecovery and exchange rate stability.    Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita also tried to calmthe panic, saying in a statement that world stock markets wereexcessively concerned about the economic future.    Traditionally, the four big houses  -- Nomura Securities CoLtd, Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd, Daiwa Securities Co Ltd, andNikko Securities Co Ltd -- have influenced the market becauseof their sheer size and overwhelming market share.    This strength has in the past made it possible for thebrokerages to calm down markets under guidance from the FinanceMinistry, analysts said.    But the analysts questioned whether the brokerages, whichhave already suffered heavy losses from falling bond marketsover the past year, would have the strength this time to turnthings around.    "The question is, are the Japanese brokerages strong enoughto force investors to buy," said Johsen Takahashi, researchdirector at the Mitsubishi Research Institute.    "If we consider that they have suffered serious losses inthe bond markets and in their U.S. Investments, it is debatablewhether they they could support buying," he said.    "We can support things to some extent, but we can'tcompletely suppress selling," said one Japanese broker.    Some analysts said the high percentage of shares cross-heldby financial institutions and other corporations could have astabilising effect on the market.    Some 80 pct of shares are held by corporate shareholders,said Keikichi Honda, general manager of the Bank of Tokyo Ltd'seconomic research division. "This is a tightly woven textile. Inits own way it is stronger than Wall Street."    But other analysts expressed doubt about this argument.    "If a high percent of shares is cross held, everythinghappens at the edges and the relative moves can be larger," saidKleinwort Benson Ltd financial analyst Simon Smithson. "Sellingwill drive prices down an enormous distance because of noliquidity."    "You don't need big volume to get big declines in the market-- you just need a huge imbalance between sellers and buyers,"said Barclay's Morgan.    Shares held by what are termed "stable shareholders," orbanks and other companies with which a firm does business,might also find their way onto the market if the outlook getsbad enough, some analsyst said.    "Closely held shares could become unclosely held," saidMorgan. But he said such a prospect is unlikely right nowbecause companies, with their improved earnings prospects, donot need to sell shares for cash flow reasons. REUTER&#3;