Quantum Fund N.V., a NetherlandsAntilles mutual fund for which New York investor George Sorosis investment adviser, said it has agreed to limit furtherpurchases of Fairchild Industries Inc stock.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Quantum, which already holds 1,647,481 Fairchild common shares,or 11.5 pct of the total outstanding, said it agreed to therestriction after Fairchild said its security clearance mightbe jeopardized if Quantum acquires a major stake in it.    But Quantum said Fairchild management was told that Soros,acting either individually or through entities other thanQuantum that he controls, may decide to buy common stock in thecompany on his own behalf.    Quantum had recently notified the Federal Trade Commissionunder the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976that it might buy up to 49.9 pct of Fairchild's voting stock.Unless the FTC had objected, Quantum would have been free, butnot obligated, to buy up to 49.9 pct of Fairchild stock.    Fairchild management, however, warned that if Quantum, aforeign entity, raises its stake in the company to 49.9 pct, itcould "impair" the government security clearances Fairchildneeds to carry out its its defense contract work.    In response, Quantum said it told Fairchild it will notmake "significant additional purchases" of its common orpreferred stock without giving Fairchild enough prior notice toenable it to consult with Quantum over the impact of action.    Quantum also said it has withdrawn its notification requestto the FTC and the antitrust division of the Justice Departmentof its intent to buy up to 49.9 pct of Fairchild.    Quantum also said it told the FTC and the JusticeDepartment that it does not expect to resubmit any furthernotifications of intent to significantly raise its stake inFairchild at this time.    The restrictions Quantum has agreed to follow regardingfurther dealings in Fairchild stock do not apply to Soros as anindividual investor.     Fairchild's annual shareholders meeting is scheduled to beheld tomorrow. Reuter&#3;