Japanese consumers hesitated about buyingthe controversial digital audio tape player (DAT) as it went onsale in Tokyo today, but said the DAT player's near-perfectsound will make it a success once it becomes cheaper.    "The sound is great, but I'll wait until more machines hitthe market and prices fall to about 100,000 yen before buyingone," said Terumi Fujitsuka, 35, a steel firm employee.    Aiwa, Sharp and Matsushita displayed their DAT playerstoday although delivery will take about two weeks, retailerssaid. Aiwa's machine, the cheapest, is listed at 188,000 yen.    Machines by Sony, Hitachi, Toshiba and others will appearas early as the end of March, industry sources said.    DAT players can play back and record with fidelity superiorto even a compact disc. They use a cassette half the size ofthe standard audio cassette and unlike conventional analoguemachines, they can make copies an infinite number of times withalmost no loss of sound quality.    This aroused fears in the music industry of widespread tapepiracy and loss of royalties. In negotiations that delayed theDAT player's debut, the industry demanded anti-piracy circuitrybe built into the machines.    Machines sold in Japan are fitted with a computer chip toprevent copying through a digital signal. But copies can stillbe made if the signal is routed through a regular amplifier."Nobody can tell the difference," one salesman said.    DAT players have been kept off Western markets and somecountries are considering banning them or imposing heavy dutiesunless tougher anti-piracy circuitry is added. But Japanesehardware makers, hard pressed for profits in the era of thehigh yen and growing competition, are eager to carve out aprofitable niche.    Prices of DAT players will probably fall quickly, possiblyto around 70,000 yen by next year as other makers put theirproducts on the market, industry analysts said.    They said by 1990, sales could reach six mln units peryear.    Philips of the Netherlands has said it will launch its DATplayer on the world market later this year. REUTER&#3;