The search continued for acargo of poisonous chemical substances loaded on the Herald ofFree Enterprise Ferry which capsized in Zeebrugge harbourFriday.    A total of 72 drums of various toxic materials which wereloaded on trucks in the ship's hold have been recovered, butBelgian authorities warned it was essential to recover afurther 61 containers of a cyanide-based solution.    A net has been thrown over the gaping loading doors at thefront of the ship to prevent any more drums floating out.    Salvage workers have moved cranes into place alongside thewreck of the 7,951 ton roll-on, roll-off ferry which now liespartly submerged on a sandbank outside the harbour.    The ferry's owner is &lt;European Ferries Plc>, majority ownedby Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Co Plc &lt;PORL.L>.    The operation to right the vessel began yesterday afterdivers abandoned their search for more bodies. Experts said itcould take months to refloat the ship and free the 80 bodiesestimated to be trapped amid debris.    "The problem is that in these waters you can normally expectone working day out of four," said Daan Kaakebeen of DutchSalvage experts Smit Tak International of Rotterdam. Heestimated the job itself would require 35 working days.    Using reinforced cables, salvage experts intend to raisethe ship and set it down into a trench dug alongside.    Salvage work could pinpoint the exact cause of the loss ofthe ferry, one of three sister vessels plying cross-Channelroutes from England to continental Europe.    Suspicion at present is focused on the ferry's main vehicleloading doors, set close to water level.    In London, Transport Secretary John Moore told parliamentyesterday that the ship keeled over after water gushed inthrough the bow doors. He said a major government inquiry intothe disaster will be held, all similar ferries sailing fromBritain will be inspected and owners will be asked to fitlights to give warning if bow doors are not properly closed.    Experts carrying out tank and computer tests to determinehow the accident occurred will focus attention on the ship'sdoors, its ballast system and crew procedures, he added.    Two other investigations into the disaster have also begun,one Belgian and one by the ferry's owners. REUTER&#3;