The yen could rise to 140 yen to thedollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential JapanFederation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), toldreporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economyis not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as theAmerican situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," hesaid.    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters forwage increases this year as a means of raising privateconsumption and thus boosting domestic demand.    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressingthe outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in additionto hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic marketmanufacturers through cheap imports.    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsukisaid.    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and adownturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect serviceindustries, he said.    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fullyemploy those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, hesaid.    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall inthe business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possiblerecession in the Japanese economy, he said.    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyondlevels experienced in 1986.    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last weekthe economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performancesince 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oilprice crisis.    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost theeconomy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of landand reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along withsteps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said. REUTER&#3;