Surprisingly strong U.S. housingstatistics for February cannot be taken as an indication thatthe economy is generating any momentum and are not sufficientcause to start lifting forecasts for first quarter growth,economists said.    Building was boosted by two factors last month, unusuallymild weather and low mortgage rates. But economists said thatseasonal factors make it hard to assess what spur to theeconomy, if any, will come from housing in coming months. Andafter a steady retreat, mortgage rates seem to be near bottom.    U.S. housing starts rose 2.6 pct in February to aseasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.851 mln units from 1.804mln in January. It was the highest pace for starts since April1986.    The rate at which permits were issued for future buildingclimbed 4.4 pct to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.764mln units after dropping 11.52 pct to 1.690 mln in January.    "February's weather is usually more adverse for homebuilding. Because of seasonal factors it's difficult todetermine what this means for the economy down the road," saidAllan Leslie of Discount Corp.    The housing report is seasonally-weighted to compensate forweather-related setbacks. As a result, milder temperaturesinflate the statistics.    Economists said that low mortgage rates also were a spur tobuilding last month. But several believe that rates will nowconsolidate before edging up in late spring/early summer.    "Builders are looking at current mortgage rates and saying'Let's do it now'," said Mark Obrinsky of the U.S. League ofSavings Institutions in Washington, whose members supply muchof the financing for home building.    But Obrinsky doubts that there is much more downwardpotential for rates because he foresees higher inflation and some overall improvement in the U.S. economy.    He expects rates to gain 50 to 100 basis points in earlysummer from the 9.50 pct fixed rate effective in February. LastNovember, fixed rate mortgages were about 10.30 pct.    As expected, the strength in housing was concentrated inthe single-family sector. The multi-family area -- whichtypically represents rental units -- remained weak due to highvacancy rates and increased capital costs of such unitsfollowing tax law changes effective January 1.    Single-family starts rose at a 5.6 pct annual pace to 1.317mln units. Multi-family fell 4.1 pct to a 534,000 rate.    "Strength in the single-family sector indicates that lowmortgage rates are doing their job. But we're probably notlooking at a great deal of growth potential," said WardMcCarthy of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.    McCarthy noted that the housing report, together withlarger than expected gains in U.S. employment, industrialoutput and retail sales in February, may cause some observersto start waving "four pct GNP banners" for the first quarter.Gross national product grew 1.3 pct in the fourth quarter.    But McCarthy, who still expects first quarter real GNP tocome in at an annual rate of 2.5 pct or slightly above, is notconvinced that growth will pick up in future.    "The big story is the inventory re-building that's going onnow, not all of which is intentional," he said. For example,U.S. automakers, who are already saddled with high stocks,produced at an annual rate of 8.3 mln units in Februarycompared with domestic car sales of 7.3 mln.    Thus while inventories could contribute to GNP in the firstquarter, they may result in scaled-back production and weakergrowth in the second, he said.    "If most of the first quarter growth is inventory buildingand we cannot identify any improvement in export demand, thenthere is the potential for softness in the second quarter,"agreed Allan Leslie of Discount Corp. He is still evaluatingfirst quarter GNP prospects.    Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker said last week thatcurrent data do not show the worsening in trade has reversed.    "At the same time that we are pumping up inventories in thefirst quarter, we could foresee production slowing in thesecond," cautioned Joe Plocek of McCarthy, Crisanti and MaffeiInc, who expects first quarter growth of about three pct. Reuter&#3;