Britain's Export Credits GuaranteeDepartment (ECGD) is holding talks with Nigeria aimed atresuming insurance cover for British exporters to Nigeria, thehead of ECGD's international debt division, Gerry Breach, said.    The ECGD suspended cover on Nigeria in 1984 after thecountry fell into arrears on payments of insured and uninsureddebts.    Following last week's bilateral accord between Britain andNigeria to reschedule the country's insured trade debts,bankers had hoped that talks would commence on a resumption ofcover.    Breach made his comments in an address to a private meetingof businessmen, a copy of which was made available to thepress.    Breach noted that for the ECGD to consider "a gradualintroduction of a package of new support" certain criteria wouldhave to be met.    This would involve the Nigerian economic structuraladjustment program being put into effect and being endorsed bythe International Monetary Fund, the program remaining oncourse and continuing to be endorsed by the IMF and asatisfactory level of acceptance by the Nigerian government ofthe ECGD insured short-term trade arrears.    Breach said that these criteria are now beginning to besatisfied, adding that while the ECGD could not yet formallyannounce new cover, it was holding discussions with Nigeria onpriorities for new credits.    He said an announcement would be made "as soon as possible"on an agreement and the ECGD would create a package for Nigeriathat would include the department's normal range of exporttrade support facilities.    British exports to Nigeria exceeded 550 mln stg in 1986.    Breach noted that since cover was removed, the ECGD hasmaintained a limited amount of short-term trade cover forNigeria, which was backed by letters of credit from theNigerian Central Bank.    While the ECGD would initially continue to use thisstructure under a new package, it would also hope to expand thevolume of coverage in the short-term area and relax the termsit is prepared to underwrite towards the commonly acceptedmaximum of 180 days. REUTER&#3;