Chrysler Corp is taking a small stepaway from automobiles and towards military contracting with thepurchase of Electrospace Systems Inc &lt;ELE>, analysts said.    "A chief goal of Chrysler is to gain military business fortheir Gulfstream planes and this should help that causedramatically," said analyst Gary Glaser at First Boston Corp.    Chrysler, which bought Gulfstream Aerospace Corp in 1985,earlier said Electrospace agreed to be acquired in a friendlymerger for about 367 mln dlrs.    Analysts said the merger continues a trend in theautomobile industry of diversification away from carmaking.    General Motors Corp &lt;GM> paid about five billion dlrs forHughes Aircraft, an aerospace company, in 1985. A year earlierit bought Electronic Data Systems, a data processing firm, forabout 2.5 billion dlrs.    Meanwhile, Ford Motor Co &lt;F> has added First NationwideSavings as part of a move into financial services.    Ford, which has a huge stockpile of cash, has indicated itsinterest in aerospace with Lockheed Corp &lt;LK> once rumored as apossible target.    Both Ford and Lockheed have denied the rumors, according toanalysts. Ford has about 9.5 billion dlrs of cash andsecurities on hand, one analyst said.    "The overall strategic thrust (within the car industry)is to become somewhat less sensitive to the vagaries of theautomobile sales cycle," said analyst Jack Kirnan at KidderPeabody and Co. "One way companies feel they can do it,particularly GM and Chrysler, is by diversifying intoaerospace," Kirnan said. Ford has been "a little bit of alaggard" in that area, he said, which has been a concern tosome investors.    Chrysler's first big move away from autos came in 1985,when it purchased Gulfstream for 637 mln dlrs.    Defense analysts said Chrysler was paying a high price forElectrospace but auto analysts regarded it as a modest outlayfor the company. Electrospace earned 10 mln dlrs on sales of191 mln dlrs in fiscal 1987 ended April 3.    Kirnan said Chrysler may have some trouble digesting theRichardson, Texas, electronics firm because it is also buyingAmerican Motors Corp &lt;AMC> for about two billion dlrs in a dealset to close later this year.    "Chrysler will have their hands full absorbing AMC for ayear or more and will absorb a lot of debt," Kirnan said,making them the most heavily leveraged auto company.    But other analysts said the relative small size ofElectrospace will make it easy for Chrysler to absorb.    Analysts also noted that Hughes has contributedsignificantly to GM and that Gulfstream provided about 57 mlndlrs in pretax earnings to Chrysler last year.    In a statement, Chrysler said 92 pct of Electrospace'ssales were to the military.    In addition to helping Gulfstream gain government business,Chrysler said it believes electronics technology will help theautomobile business.    Robert Miller Jr, Chrysler Corp vice chairman, said thatGulfstream's business, for example, involves electronics,composites and aerodynamic design. "Those will all be importanttechnologies for winning in the automobile business in the1990s," Miller told Reuters. Electrospace should addsignificantly to the electronics area, he said.    Miller said Electrospace earnings last year were hurt byone-time items and but should recover this year.    Miller said cash on hand will be used to pay forElectrospace.    "They have a substantial presence in Washington with 150 ormore professional people. They also have accounting systems inTexas to manage their business with the Defense Department," hesaid.    Both should be important in moving Gulfstream into themilitary market. "Gulfstream traditionally has been aimed moreat the commercial market, which is a different kettle of fish,"Miller said. Reuter&#3;