Federal Reserve Board GovernorRobert Heller said the banking system could be strengthened bypermitting formation of financial services holding companiesinvolved in areas like banking, insurance, real estate andsecurities.    In a speech prepared for delivery in New York to the Bankand Financial Analysts' Association, Heller said, "I believethat increased diversification along geographic and productlines is the key to strengthening the American banking system."    He said he supported the idea of financial services holdingcompanies advocated by the Association of Bank HoldingCompanies in which regulation of various bank, thrift,insurance, investment, securities and real estate subsidiarieswould be handled on functional lines.    "Limits would be placed on the extension of credit by thebank to the associated institutions, and all transactions wouldhave to be on an arms-length basis," Heller said.    Measures would be necessary to avoid abuse of the banks'special position by such holding companies or subsidiaries.    Heller said he "would require the holding company to serveas a 'source of strength' to the bank by making a commitment tomaintain the bank's capital.    "In other words, the bank would not be allowed to fail aslong as the holding company has a positive net worth."    Heller also said commercial enterprises should be permittedto own a financial services holding company, again with theprovision that capital would flow to the financial enterpriseif necessary.    Heller said the effects of these actions "would be banksthat are at least as strong as the corporations holding them" inwhich customer deposits were assured while any incentive to"loot the bank" was removed.    Such diversification would give access to national andinternational financial services to corporations across theUnited States.    Heller said that would mean "the steady decline of America'sbanks in the world financial league tables would be arrested" bypermitting them to become more competitive. Reuter&#3;