More U.K. Lenders are offering homebuyersfixed interest rate mortgages under which the borrower makesthe same monthly payment no matter what happens to otherinterest rates.    And with mortgage rates now at their lowest levels inyears, the loans have been snapped up by eager home buyerstrying to lock into cheap money.    The decision to offer fixed rate loans, industry officialssaid, reflects the increasingly competitive nature of the homemortgage business.    While fixed rate mortgages are uncommon in the U.K., Theywere the mainstay of the business in the U.S. Up until only afew years ago.    But in the early 1980s interest rates soared. U.S. Lenders,mostly savings and loan associations, were earning rates as lowas three pct on 30 year fixed rate mortgages they held in theirportfolios but had to pay depositors rates as high as 15 pct toinduce them to retain their accounts.    As a result hundreds of institutions collapsed or wereforced to merge. The survivors decided to offer mortgages whoserates would move in line with the cost of funds.    "We very much have the example of the U.S. Thrifts in mind,"said a spokesman for Abbey National Building Society,explaining why his institution, for the time being, is onlyoffering variable rate mortgages.    The rash of advertising to solicit new business has helpedhomebuyers to become even choosier about loans and lendersconcede they are being forced to undercut each other stillmore.    Sharp cuts on variable rate mortgages announced earlierthis week by the nation's two largest building societies and byNational Westminster Bank Plc reflect growing competition fornew business, officials at all three institutions said.    The fixed rate mortgages on offer carry interest rates evenbelow those on the variable rate loans.    "Of course they are less profitable than other (variablerate) mortgages," said a spokesman for Midland Bank Plc, whichearlier this year said it earmarked 500 mln dlrs for fixed ratenew mortgage loans.    But he said the bank is willing to offer less profitableloans because, "It was just another way to attract people to ourmortgage product."    Trustee Savings Bank Plc (TSB) was offering five year fixedrate mortgages at 9.9 pct earlier this year.    The 100 mln stg that TSB set aside for the loans wasexhausted within just a few days, according to a spokeswoman.    "Everybody loves an under 10 pct mortgage," she said, notingthat within five days the bank loaned the equivalent of 25 pctof its 1986 volume.    In short, the appeal of fixed rate mortgages is that theyoffer an opportunity to gamble on the direction of interestrates. If interest rates fall after the mortgage is made thelender is earning an above average return on assets.    But if interest rates rise it is the homebuyer who has wonthe benefit of cheap money.    Household Mortgage Co had planned to offer a 25 year fixedrate mortgage after the June 11 elections on the assumptionthat a Conservative Party victory would help money market ratesfall further, according to Duncan Young, managing director.    Young explained that the company had planned to protectitself against the chance of rising interest rates by buying acomplicated hedging instrument.    But money market rates have risen contrary to expectationsand the company has shelved its plans for the time being. Hesaid money market rates were too high to arrange both themortgages and hedge profitably.    However, he said that when the Household Mortgage Co doesmake fixed rate mortgages it is likely to securitise them. Thismeans bundling different mortgages together to resemble a bondand selling them to an investor.    For technical reasons securitisation is simpler and moreefficient with fixed rate rather than with floating ratemortgages. In the U.S., Where fixed rate mortgages are popularagain, securitisation has provided the bulk of mortgage moneyover the past few years. REUTER&#3;