FMC Corp's 225 mln dlr insider tradingcase against Wall Street arbitrageur Ivan Boesky was dismissedby a federal court, a court clerk said.    Federal Judge Ann C. Williams, in an oral ruling, said FMChad not been harmed by trading in FMC stock by Boesky and othertraders prior to FMC's two-billion dlr recapitalization lastyear.    FMC had claimed insider trading by Boesky had forced it toincrease the value of the recapitalization to 80 dlrs a sharefrom 70 dlrs a share.    FMC had charged that Boesky received confidentialinformation about FMC's planned recapitalization from DennisLevine, a former merger specialist with Drexel Burnham LambertInc.    An FMC spokeswoman said in response to an inquiry that FMCmight appeal the ruling, made in the U.S. District Court forthe Northern District of Illinois, once a formal writtendecision is received. The written ruling is expected April 15.    The spokeswoman said FMC might appeal alleged contractviolations involved in the dispute. That part of the case,involving a contract between FMC and Goldman Sachs and Co,would be appealed to an Illinois state court, she said.    Goldman Sachs was FMC's investment banker in its plannedrestructuring. A FMC spokeswoman said the contract was astandard contract under which Goldman Sachs advised FMC on therestructuring.    "We are certainly taking a look at appealing" the ruling inIllinois state court, the FMC spokeswoman said in response toan inquiry.    The suit claimed that Boesky bought 95,300 FMC sharesbetween February 18 and February 21, 1986, selling those sharesfor a profit of 975,000 dlrs on February 21, the day FMC firstsaid it was considering a recapitalization.    Also, the suit said Boesky bought a further 1,922,000 FMCshares between March 12 and April four, acknowledging thepurchase of a 7.5 pct stake in the company in a 13-D filingwith the Securities and Exchange Commission on April seven.    "We alleged his actions kept the stock price artificiallyhigh and put pressure on FMC to increase the terms of therecapitalization," the FMC spokeswoman said.    The increase to 80 dlrs from 70 dlrs a share was announcedApril 26. Reuter&#3;