A mix of electoral boldness and fiscalcaution is expected from Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson next week when he unveils his budget for fiscal 1987/88.    Exceptionally robust tax revenues have given Lawson veryfavourable budget options with which to please voters, industryand financial markets alike.    The budget will Lawson's fourth, and probably the last fromthe Conservative government before the next general election,political analysts say.    Analysts said the major budget question is how Lawson willbalance expected tax cuts with lower public borrowing, andallow for fresh falls in U.K. Interest rates.    They said a boost given to the economy by consumer spendinghas helped reduce the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement(PSBR) for financial 1986/87 from an originally targetted 7.1billion stg, despite big rises in government spending.    Economists say Lawson may have up to five billion stg tosplit between income tax cuts and other electoral "sweeteners,"higher spending and a drop in borrowing, while still meetinghis earlier 1987/88 PSBR target of 7.0 billion stg.    The decision facing Lawson is how best to use thatso-called "fiscal adjustement" to maximise the government'sall-round popularity ahead of the next general election.    Economist Ian Harwood of Warburg Securities said Lawson'sbudget must strike a balance between tax cuts aimed at homeconsumption and lower public borrowing for attracting supportfrom overseas investors.    Peter Fellner of James Capel and Co said "a budget whichconcentrates on tax cuts for the consumer will be a budget foran early election."    Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher must call a poll beforeJune, 1988. But anticipation of a summer or autumn 1987 ballothas risen as the opposition Labour Party has slipped in votersurveys. Forecasts that the economy may deteriorate later thisyear add to arguments for an early poll, analysts say.    The Conservatives have pledged to cut the basic rate oftaxation in the U.K. From the current 29 pct level to 25 pct.    While confirming that aim, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcherlast month seemed to dash speculation that that would happen inthe near future. She said in a television interview that itwould happen "Eventually. But I think it will be eventually."    Most market analysts now expect a two-pence reduction inthe basic rate of taxation and a lowering in of the top rate ofincome tax from 60 pct.    A one billion stg cut in the 1987/88 PSBR - to six billionstg - is considered the minimum needed for reassuring financialmarkets, they add.    The Treasury's inflow of tax receipts has far surpassedthat previously envisaged, economists say. Lawson as recentlyas December 17 said that "I very much doubt whether there willbe much scope for reductions in taxation in next year's budget."    The Conservative government is eager to get the basic rateof tax down to 25 pct as soon as possible, since every poundoff the tax base would make the opposition Labour Party'sspending plans look more painful to the electorate, analystssay.    The direct revenue effect of a one penny change in thebasic rate of income tax would be about 1.1 billion stg in1987/88 and 1.45 billion stg in 1988/89, Treasury figures show.    Lawson's budget speech to Parliament on Tuesday starts at1530 GMT, and is sure to echo the government's distinct tone ofoptimism, analysts say.     The tax measures which Lawson is expected to announce willbe based firmly on a positive assessment of past economicachievements and confidence for the future, they add.    But even if he does cut his planned PSBR for 1987/88 bybetween one and 1.5 billion stg, as most economists predict,Lawson is still likely to find himself announcing a higher PSBRthan the outturn for this financial year.^M    That could leave him with a presentation problem,economists say.    A lower PSBR would raise financial confidence by reassuringmarkets that the borrowing burden imposed by the governmentwould stay low even if certain key aspects of the budget'sarithmetic seem over-optimistic, economists say    Lawson is slated to reaffirm the government's goals, as setout in its Medium Term Financial Strategy (MTFS), of reducinginflation and raising economic growth.    Regarding monetary targets, some analysts expect him todrop the wayward broad money aggregate, sterling M-3, whileretaining the tamer M0 narrow measure. Few foresee any othermonetary aggregate being chosen by Lawson for formal targeting.    Analysts were surprised this week when the governmentsanctioned a half percentage point cut in interest rates, in anattempt to cool down sterling and the gilts market. Analystshad expected the authorities to wait until after the budget.    Further declines in bank base lending rates are anticipatedafter the budget. Many analysts foresee them falling by as muchas a full percentage point from the current 10.5 pct level.    The main electoral attraction of reducing interest rates isto cut mortgage borrowing costs, and thus reduce inflation,analysts say. Each one percentage point cut in the mortgagerate reduces retail prices by 0.4 pct, government figures show. REUTER&#3;