Blocking Canadian gas importswould not serve the long-term interests of the United States,said Martha Hesse, chairman of the Federal Energy RegulatoryCommission, adding that the development of a freely open NorthAmerican energy market should be encouraged.    "I firmly believe that the long-term interest of U.S.consumers would not be served by any attempt to promote a 'Madein America' label for gas," she said at an oil and gasconference.    She said the commission recognizes the important roleCanadian gas plays in the American market, despite grumblingsamong U.S. domestic producers of the competition from north ofthe border.    Recent figures show Canada shipped 2.48 billion Canadiandlrs worth of gas to the U.S. in 1986, down sharply from the3.91 billion dlr total in 1985.    "But we do seriously recognize the importance in the yearsto come of the supplies of Canadian gas to U.S. markets," shesaid. "And even in the short term, competition is generally agood thing," she added.    She said the commission is concentrating on improving theaccess to U.S. pipelines, something that would be of greatbenefit to Canadian producers.    Hesse said transportation of Canadian gas is alreadyimproving, gas imports rising more than 21 pct in the first twomonths of the year. But Hesse declined to comment in detail onthe controversial December order, known as the "as billed issue",because it is the subject of a new hearing.    The order, which is being fought by Canada, involvesbarring U.S. pipeline companies and consumers from payingcertain Canadian shipping expenses.    Hesse said the order was never intended "as an attempt toextend the arm of U.S. regulations across the border."    However, a senior Canadian government energy officialwarned delegates the ruling could severely weaken Canadian gasproducers. "Besides the extra territorial effect, there is thepotential that Canadian consumers and producers may end upsubsidizing the cost of transportation services originallyincurred on behalf of U.S. customers," said Robert Skinner, anassistant deputy minister in Canada's energy department. Reuter&#3;