Euro-medium term notes, a recentphenomenon in the international capital markets, are hardlyattracting a flood of issuers but investment bankers are doingtheir best to breath life into the market.    Medium term notes (MTNs) have met with staggering successin the U.S. Market where total outstandings have grown toaround 50 billion dlrs since 1983, the year they took hold as anew financing vehicle to bridge the gap between commercialpaper and longer term bonds. Convinced they are here to stay,investment bankers are attempting to adapt MTNs for theeuromarket.    Ralph Bunche, a vice president of Morgan StanleyInternational, predicted at a recent Euromoney conference onMTNs here that they will become the predominant instrument forraising funds in the late 1980's and 1990's. "It (the MTNmarket) will even surpass the bond market," he said.    Other bankers took exception with the degree to which MTNswill grow. But they generally agreed that these instrumentsprovide the borrower with greater flexibility and lower coststhan a traditional bond.    The trick is in convincing European borrowers it is wortharranging a program and, having accomplished that, to persaudeEuropean investors -- whose preferences differ from their U.S.Counterparts -- to buy the securities.    Discussions with bankers proved one thing. No one isexactly sure how to proceed with structuring and marketingthese issues.    To date only 13 Euro-MTN programs have been announced butonly a few have been activated, such as those for a unit ofPepsiCo Inc and another for AB Electrolux.    Several firms have devised different structures forEuro-MTNs and defend their structures adamantly.    The PepsiCo notes, for example, are sold on a continuouslyoffered basis. This involves a small amount of new notes withsimilar maturities constantly on offer at current market rates.    The Electrolux program uses multi-tranche tap notes devisedby Merrill Lynch. Under this structure, an initial tranche of aminimum 50 mln dlrs has a fixed rate of interest and maturity.The borrower then issues additional notes in this category upto a pre-determined maximum.    Those who defend the continuously offered method, such asWendy Dietze, a Salomon Brothers Inc vice president, point tothe flexibility they offer in interest rate and maturity.    Furthermore, she believes this structure offers theEuropean investor greater confidence in market liquidity -- amajor concern for these buyers.    Merrill Lynch Europe Ltd's Kevin Regan defends themedium-tranche tap notes concept saying it offers comparableliquidity. But he also said that this structure may not be theright option for all borrowers.    Peter Mortimer, a partner in the law firm Milbank, Tweed,Hadley and McCloy, noted that legal requirements could welldetermine which structure is chosen.    He noted that the tap system allows a more clearly defined"lock-up" period as each tranche has a specific maturity. In thecase of notes issued by U.S. Borrowers, the "lock-up" period isthe 90 days after the completion of a series during which timea security cannot be sold back to the U.S. Or to U.S.Investors.    However, he said that the Securities and ExchangeCommission is reviewing its current regulations on theownership of foreign securities by U.S. Citizens and that somesoftening in the rules could come in the not too distantfuture.    For their part borrowers say they feel a bit like guineapigs.    Petter Skouen, executive vice president of the NordicInvestment Bank (NIB), noted that a few weeks ago NIB wouldhave said it was disappointed with its Euro-MTN program, butthat the success of a recent issue changed their minds.    He conceded that in retrospect it would have been wiser toestablish separate programs for the euromarket and the U.S.Domestic market, rather than try to extend the U.S. Issueglobally. Under NIB's 200 mln dlr program, 100 mln has beensold in the U.S. And 25 mln in Europe. REUTER&#3;