Strong competition remains in theairline industry despite a recent wave of mergers, aTransportation Department official said.    But Assistant Transportation Secretary Matthew Scocozzasaid at a Senate antitrust committee hearing he would notobject to a transfer of the department's authority over airlinemergers to the Justice Department.    Scocozza and Deputy Assistant Attorney General RogerAndewelt said both departments felt airlines should be judgedunder the same antitrust standards as all other industries.    The Transportation Department is due to lose its authorityin 1989, but subcommittee chairman Howard Metzenbaum wants itshifted now because he feels the Department has approved toomany airline mergers.    "Airline mergers have proceeded at a breakneck pace withbarely a whimper being uttered by the Department ofTransportation. Nine airlines control 94 per cent of themarket," the Ohio Democrat said.    Metzenbaum said he was concerned about the effects thepending U.S.-Air-Piedmont Airlines merger would have onservice, especially at Dayton, Ohio, a major Piedmont hub.    Scocozza said even with the recent mergers, such as TexasAir Corp's acquisition of Eastern Air Lines and People Express,more airlines were flying now in the United States than beforethe 1978 airline deregulation act.    "Airline deregulation has worked, is working, and, giventhe department's commitment to preserving a competitiveenvironment, will continue to work," Scocozza said.    He said the department considers the effect each mergerwill have on competition over all the routes involved and willnot approve a merger which will reduce competition.    Scocozza said most of the recent mergers involved airlinesin financial difficulty being taken over by other carriers.     Andewelt said he was optimistic competition would increaseas airlines expanded airport hubs and routes and believed theindustry did not need special treatment under antitrust laws.    "It is time to treat the airline industry in precisely thesame way as other U.S. industries; any differences are notsignificant for the purpose of merger analysis," Andewelt said. Reuter&#3;