Governments of major Asianproducing countries have welcomed the conclusion of a newInternational Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA), but growers andtraders are unhappy with the development, according to viewspolled by Reuter correspondents.    Officials in Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand, whichproduce the bulk of the world's rubber, said they expected thenew pact to continue to stabilise prices and help their rubberindustries remain viable in the long-term.    But traders and growers said they were against the new pactbecause its buffer stock mechanism was likely to intereferewith free market forces and prevent sharp rubber price rises.    The new INRA, to replace the current one which expires onOctober 22, was formally adopted by most of the world'sproducers and consumers in Geneva last Friday.    It will be open for signature at the U.N. Headquarters inNew York from May 1 to December 31 this year and will enterinto force provisionally when ratified by countries accountingfor 75 pct of world rubber exports and 75 pct of world imports.    Malaysian Primary Industries Minister Lim Keng Yaik saidthe formal adoption of a new pact had dispelled fears ofliquidation of some 360,000 tonnes of INRA buffer stock rubberand a possible depression of prices.    He expressed confidence that the new INRA would continue tokeep prices stable by selling or buying rubber as prices roseor fell through its buffer stock system.    Malaysia was also happy that in the new INRA financing ofpurchases for the normal buffer stock of 400,000 tonnes and acontingency buffer stock of 150,000 tonnes would be donethrough direct cash contributions from members, he said.    Under the existing pact, members can borrow from banks tofinance INRA's buffer stock purchases. This has been viewedwith concern by some members who fear the INRA may becomeindebted and ultimately face collapse, like the InternationalTin Agreement.    "This will ensure the buffer stock operation is carried outwithout any financial encumbrance," Lim said.     Malaysia, the world's largest producer, was seekingcabinet approval to join the new INRA and hoped other producersand consumers would also become members, he said.    Officials in Jakarta said the new pact would bring benefitto Indonesia's rubber industry's by stabilising prices.    It was unlikely to collapse like the tin agreement becauseits new financial provisions had been tightened, they said.    Thai officials told Reuters they were optimistic the newpact was viable because it strictly limited the extent of debtthe INRA buffer stock manager might commit to his marketoperations.     Malaysian growers, however, said they preferred a freerubber market because an INRA had a tendency to keep prices atlevels that were only acceptable to consumers.    "With the INRA's ability to keep prices at a certain stablelevel, consumers are assured of rubber at almost a fixed price,while producers may never see sharp price rises," a MalaysianRubber Producers Council source told Reuters.    Producers also wanted a free rubber market without theoverhang of a 360,000 tonne INRA buffer stock which hadpsychologically prevented price rises, he said.    State plantation officials in Sri Lanka said prices hadbeen depressed since INRA's inception and the creation of abuffer stock, and they seemed unlikely to rise.    Sri Lanka should not be a member of the INRA because it wasexpensive to maintain a buffer stock, they added.    Traders in the region, meanwhile, said prices might bepressured by the new pact in the long term as its potential tostabilise prices and buffer stock capacity would spur producersto produce more.    Most Malaysian and Singapore traders said the new pact'sconclusion had little impact on prices and it was unlikely toallow sharp price fluctuations in future.    "The 360,000 tonnes in the INRA buffer stock must beliquidated and a free market returned," a Malaysian trader said.    Japanese traders said the new pact had a chance for successas most world producers and consumers had adopted it, but theyquestioned the ability of some financially-strapped producersto finance buffer stock operations. REUTER&#3;