Kuwait's oil-reliant and debt-riddeneconomy has started to pull out of a nosedive but oil priceswill determine the pace of recovery, bankers and economistssay.    Crucial will be the ability of the 13-member OPEC to holdoil prices around a new benchmark of 18 dlrs a barrel in thenorthern hemisphere summer when demand usually slackens.    Bankers estimate the economy, measured in terms of grossdomestic product (gdp), shrank 19 pct in real terms last yearafter contracting 8.1 pct the year before.    This was after taking into account inflation in consumerprices of 1.5 pct in 1985, slowing to 1.0 pct in 1986.    Factors depressing economic activity include the6-1/2-year-old Iran-Iraq war on Kuwait's doorstep, whichthreatens the emirate's vital oil export lifeline through theGulf and has sapped business confidence.    But sentiment received a much-needed boost in Septemberwhen, after a series of piecemeal steps to combat a debt crisiscaused by the 1982 crash of local stock market, a comprehensivenew debt settlement program was introduced.    The share crash, result of a speculative spree in forwardtrading, left 95 billion dlrs of post-dated cheques in default.    The cheques were also used as collateral for consumerspending, thus generating an informal credit system.    Much of the debt has been watered down but big sums arestill owed by individuals and companies.    There was some 4.4 billion dinars (about 15.7 billion dlrs)in outstanding bank credit at the end of 1986, of whichone-quarter to one-third was estimated by bankers to rank asbad or doubtful debt. But the government has repeatedly said itwill not allow any banks to go under.    The new debt settlement scheme entails a rescheduling ofproblem credit over 10 to 15 years, depending on whetherdebtors have regular cash flows or not.    Banks' shareholders and depositors will have their rightsguaranteed by the government -- an edict of vital significancein a country of only 1.7 mln people where the financial sectoris the biggest after oil.    Kuwait is better placed than any other OPEC country to rideout the oil glut, bankers and economists say.    Kuwait has an OPEC quota of 948,000 barrels per day (bpd)compared with production capacity of 4.0 mln bpd mentioned lastyear by Oil Minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah.    But strategic diversification into downstream operations inEurope several years ago and a hefty refining investment athome gives it guaranteed markets abroad and enables it to sellover one-half of its output as high-grade refined oil products.    Oil industry sources say Kuwait is able to get an average2.00 dlrs a barrel more by selling oil in the form of processedproduct such as gas oil, kerosene and naphtha, rather than ascrude.    Bankers say the rebound in oil prices is the major reasonfor cautious optimism. Other reasons are low domesticinflation, a bottoming out of the fall in imports in recentyears and signs government spending on productive sectors willremain steady.    External accounts are in good shape, with an estimated 1.8billion dinar current account surplus in 1986, 16 pct belowthat for 1985, but still an achievement in the recession-hitGulf.    Kuwait's petrodollar reserves in mid-1986 were putofficially at over 80 billion dlrs, earning investment incomeof the equivalent of about 3.65 billion dlrs a year.    But for the first time since the end of the oil boom, thesereserves may not be enough to prevent a "real" budget deficit forthe 1986/87 fiscal year ending June 30, bankers say.    In a budget portrayed by bankers as mildly contractionary,revenues for 1986/87 were cut 38.6 pct and spending 11 pct,doubling the nominal deficit to 1.33 billion dinars.    This left out income from state reserves, usually excludedin official budget accounting, which are forecast by bankers atup to 1.0 billion dinars in 1986/87, resulting in someshortfall.    Bankers say it is too early to venture a forecast foreconomic growth this year or next.    "It depends on oil prices," one said. "This summer isimportant."    Cabinet Affairs Minister Rashid al-Rashid said last Sundaythe cabinet has ratified recommendations to rationalise statespending in favour of productive sectors and reactivate theeconomy.    He gave no details but bankers say these are expected to bespelled out in the 1987/88 budget, possibly in June. REUTER&#3;