A quickly growing Texas-baseddistributor of electronics products offered 240 mln dlrsfor Crazy Eddie Inc &lt;crzy>, the leading New York Cityelectronics retailer, or one dlr per share more than itsfounder has bid.    The 8-dlr-a-share offer by Entertainment Marketing Inc &lt;em>for Crazy Eddie comes less than two weeks after founder EddieAntar and a firm controlled by the Belzbergs of Canadaannounced a bid to take the 32-store Crazy Eddie chain private.    Analysts said Entertainment Marketing, whose revenues andprofits quadrupled in 1986, may be looking to break into thehighly competitive New York City retail market for consumerelectronics, the nation's biggest, at a time the fortunes ofelectronics retailers have sagged.    The analysts questioned whether Houston-based EntertainmentMarketing, founded by a former electronics retailer but whosepresent buinesses are primarily as wholesale distributors, hadthe management expertise for retailing or was merely trying todrive up the price of the Crazy Eddie shares it already owns.    "I have mixed feelings," said analyst Dennis Telzrow ofEppler, Geurin and Turner, a Dallas brokerage. "On the one handit's probably a cheap price. On the other hand, doesEntertainment Marketing have the management talent to run itand will the Crazy Eddie people leave?"    "It's a risky strategy for Entertainment Marketing," saidanalyst Eliot Laurence of Wessels Arnold and Henderson, aMinneapolis brokerage. "Electronics retailing is very managementconcentrated; they'd want to keep Crazy Eddie's management inplace."    Laurence said that, since Entertainment Marketing alreadyowns 4.3 percent of Crazy Eddie's 31.3 million shares, it maybe trying to get the Antar-Belzberg group to increase its7-dlr-a-share offer.    Shares of Crazy Eddie, which have jumped from the high4-dlr range to above 7 dlrs since the Antar-Belzberg bid wasannounced May 20, rose another 50 cents Monday to 8.375 a sharein over-the- counter trading.     Antar, the reclusive founder of the chain in the New YorkCity, Philadelphia and Connecticut areas, said last month thathis group controlled 14 percent of Crazy Eddie's shares.    A Crazy Eddie spokesman said the company's board has takenno decision on the Antar-Belzberg offer, worth some 187 mln dlrssince they own more shares than Entertainment Marketing. Hewould not comment on the new offer.    Entertainment Marketing sells computer products such asdisk drives and other, often discounted electronics goods toretailers, primarily in the southwest, and directly toconsumers by cable television.    In fiscal 1986, ending last January, its revenues rose to87.9 mln dlrs from 21.3 mln dlrs the previous year. Net profitwent to 3.2 mln dlrs from 750,000 dlrs in 1985.    Entertainment Marketing, whose chief executive officer,Elias Zinn, once ran an electronics retailing business, said ina statement it had committed 50 mln dlrs toward the purchaseof Crazy Eddie and had retained Dean Witter Reynolds Inc toassist in financing the balance.    Analyst Telzerow estimated that the company would have toborrow about 100 mln dlrs to complete the proposed buyout sinceCrazy Eddie has cash and other assets worth about the sameamount.    Shares of Entertainment Marketing were up 12.5 cents Mondayto 9.50. Reuter&#3;