Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc is tellingclients getting nervous about the volatile U.S. stock market totake a look at European and other foreign stock markets.    "We're still pushing for a fully invested position (in U.S.stocks) but we also recognize the market is up 40 pct sinceSeptember," says Burton Siegel, investment strategist.    Rein van der Does, director of international research,admits to being cautious and somewhat confused about certaindevelopments in the Tokyo market, such as Nippon Telephoneshares trading at 250 times earnings.    The firm recently dropped its recommendation on Jaguar plc&lt;JAGRY> following a sharp runup in the shares. About the sametime, says analyst Khaled Abdel Majeed, Drexel issued a buyrecommendation on the West german automaker BMW.    He says a new plant and new models brighten the outlook for1987 and 1988. "The company trades in Germany on the parentcompany's earnings but on worldwide consolidated earnings, themultiple is seven or eight, half that of competitors."    By contrast Jaguar's share price to earnings multiple isabout 12 and Daimler-Benz AG is around 14 or 15.    Drexel analyst Lucille Palermo recently upgradedrecommendations on some Canadian gold stocks. With no recessionin sight she sees improved physical demand plus new buyinginterest from the Middle East. Also, expectation of a higherinflation rate stimulates demand.    On the supply side she thinks "people are overlooking theproblems in South Africa."  Palermo says all of this will pushthe bullion price to 475 dlrs an ounce by the end of the year.    Her current buy recommendations are Agnico-Eagle Mines Ltd&lt;AEAGF>, American Barrick Resources Corp &lt;ABX>, and Echo BayMines Ltd &lt;ECO>.    Palermo also believes the overall Canadian stock market hasgreater potential this year than last. Although the Canadiandollar has moved up slightly it is below levels of severalyears ago. "Canadian exports of all types look relatively cheapto foreigners - resources, manufactured goods, bonds andstocks."    Other European stocks favored by Drexel include ClubMediterranee &lt;CMI>, Pernod-Ricard, Royal Dutch Petroleum &lt;RD>,Unilever &lt;UN>, British Petroleum Co plc &lt;BP> and ImperialChemical Industries plc &lt;ICI>. Drexel cautions U.S. investorsthat foreign dividends may be subject to withholding tax. Reuter&#3;