Allis-Chalmers Corp said it askedlenders and other groups to approve a restructuring plan thatwould cause a dilution of the company's existing common stock.    The company said it would sell all of its businesses otherthan the American Air Filter business, make a public financingof more than 100 mln dlrs and pay part of the currentlyoutstanding debt with the proceeds.    Under the plan, which was presented to institutionallenders, the company's unions and the Pension Benefit GuarantyCorp, "substantial amounts" of institutional debt would beconverted to common stock of the restructured company.    Allis-Chalmers said it will exchange existing preferredstock for common. The exchange of the institutional debt andpreferred stock for common equity will cause a "resultingdilution of the existing common stock," Allis-Chalmers said ina statement.    Under the plan, holders of existing common would hold about15 pct of the restructured common stock. Holders of existingpreferred would hold about 35 pct of the new common.    Allis-Chalmers said its only alternative to the plan isbankruptcy. The restructuring must be approved by creditors,common and preferred holders,and present and former employees.    Allis-Chalmers said a bankruptcy filing "appears torepresent the company's only alternative if agreement upon theterms of the plan cannot be reached."    The spokesman said in response to an inquiry that he wasnot aware of any extraordinary charge against earnings thatwould result from the restructuring.    "It is too early to talk about a charge" because the planmust still be approved by the lenders and unions, he said.    Also under the plan, payments to Allis-Chalmers' privatelenders would be deferred. Trade payables and obligationsincurred in the ordinary course of business will be met.    Payment of health benefits for active and retired employeeswould be made "at substantially reduced levels."    Allis-Chalmers, once one of the leading farm equipmentcompanies, sold all of its farm equipment operations to Deutzof West Germany for 107 mln dlrs, leaving the company withbusinesses in lift trucks, air conditioning, fluids handlingand solid materials processing.    Last year, Allis-Chalmers sold the lift truck business toAC Material Handling Co of Columbus, Ohio.    Under the restructuring plan, Allis-Chalmers will sell itssolid materials processing and fluids handling businesses.Solid materials processing, which makes equipment to crushstones for highway construction, accounted for 288 mln dlrs ofAllis-Chalmers's total 1985 revenues of 886 mln dlrs.    The company will also sell its fluids handling operations,which makes pumps and valves. That business accounted for 196mln dlrs of the company's 1985 revenues.    Allis-Chalmers in 1986 reported a net loss of 8.6 mln dlrs,or 1.09 dlrs a share. In 1985, the company lost 168.4 mln dlrs,or 12.27 dlrs a share.    The company's last profit was in 1980, when it earned 52.4mln dlrs on sales of 2.1 billion dlrs.    Reuter&#3;