President Reagan is concerned aboutthe record drop in stock prices but remains convinced on thebasis of administration talks with financial experts that theeconomy remains sound, the White House said.    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said in a writtenstatement that Reagan "watched today with concern" the decline onWall Street, where the Dow Jones industrial average plungedmore than 500 points.    The statement said Reagan had directed administrationofficials to consult with leading financial experts, includingthe chairmen of the Federal Reserve, the Securities andExchance Commission, and the New York Stock Exchange.    "These consultations confirm our view that the underlyingeconomy remains sound," Fitzwater said.    The White House statement, issued about 45 minutes afterthe stock market closed, appeared designed to calm investorsworried about U.S. economic propects.    "We are in the longest peacetime expansion in history.Employment is at the highest level ever. Manufacturing outputis up. The trade deficit, when adjusted for changes incurrencies, is steadily improving. And, as the chairman of theFederal Reserve Board has recently stated, there is no evidenceof a resurgence of inflation in the United States," Fitzwatersaid.       He said Reagan was keeping close watch on the markets inthe United States and in countries, where waves of sellingdeveloped on Monday.    "We will continue to closely monitor these developments,"Fitzwater said.    However, his three-paragraph statement gave no hint ofwhat, if any, action Reagan might take if the stock marketplunge continues.    The percentage drop of 22.6 percent on Monday was thesecond largest ever, exceeded only by the 24.4 percent drop onDec. 12, 1914.       It easily eclipsed the fall of 12.8 percent on Oct. 28,1929 which helped spark the Great Depression.    Reagan and his top advisers discussed the market crisis,which came on the same day American naval forces retaliated forlast Friday's alleged Iranian missile attack on a U.S. flaggedKuwaiti tanker in the Gulf, at a White House issues luncheon.    Presidential aides told reporters after the luncheon anofficial statement was likely to be issued when the marketsclosed. Reuter&#3;