Bundesbank council member LotharMueller said the bank has not given up its money supply policyand that restraining money supply growth does not always meanpushing up interest rates.    Mueller said in an article for the Boersen Zeitungfinancial daily that a monetary policy which took into accountexchange rate expectations and capital flows could not beconfused with an exchange rate oriented policy.    The article followed international press speculation thatthe Bundesbank had abandoned money supply targetting in favourof an exchange rate policy.    Mueller, a member of the Bundesbank council in his positionas president of the regional state central bank in Bavaria,noted that the Bundesbank's decision in January to cut leadinginterest rates amid continuing strong monetary growth had ledsome people to think it was dropping monetary targetting.    "Simply to ignore the external economic context would berisky and dangerous for monetary policy," he explained.    Mueller said the cuts in official interest rates had put anend to interest rate speculation. The Bundesbank could nowassume that upward pressure on the mark would ease and currencyinflows slow down.    Lower money market rates, achieved by widening short andlong term interest rate differentials, also encouragedinvestors to re-invest funds parked in liquid accounts, Muellersaid.    The measures therefore aimed clearly at bringing monetarygrowth back onto the desired path, he said.    "Finally, of course, and there is no need to keep thisquiet, the cut in interest rates was also in line with thechanged economic situation of the last few months," he added.    "All in all, the Bundesbank in no way abandoned its moneysupply policy with the January discount rate cut, despitesuppositions to the contrary," Mueller said.    "Keeping money supply developments in check is not alwayssynonymous with raising interest rates, especially whenexcessive liquidity due to inflows from abroad, rather thangrowth in bank credits, is the cause of rising monetaryholdings of non-banks," Mueller said.    Now that West Germany no longer ran large external deficitsother concepts were needed for monetary policy.    Mueller said it would be both difficult and dangerous formonetary policy to pursue a specific mark/dollar exchange rate.    In any case, the exchange rate partly depends on U.S.Currency and budgetary policy and the U.S. Economy, he said.    But an exchange rate orientation would also mean the end ofa strict stability policy because both interest rates andliquidity would be affected by required currency interventionand could no longer be steered autonomously by the Bundesbank.    Even interest rates are not in the centre of theBundesbank's considerations, but reflect competition and othermarket conditions, Mueller said.    A cut in bank liquidity will not directly influence centralbank money stock, the Bundesbank's main money supply indicator.    This does not reflect banking liquidity, but the liquidityof industry and households which cannot be directly reachedwith the Bundesbank's instruments, Mueller said.    The less dependent non-banks are on bank credits, theharder it is to steer money supply. This has increasingly beenthe case recently, because non-banks have received considerablesums from current account surpluses and capital imports.    "If the Bundesbank had tried to brake the money supply risewith higher interest rates, as would have been appropriate ifcredit was growing excessively, it would not only have missedits target but probably even set off further inflows," he said.    Mueller said growth in money supply was still too high.    In the last three months money stock grew at an annual rateof seven pct, down from 10 pct in the previous quarter.    The growth curve has therefore come closer to the three tosix pct 1987 target corridor for central bank money stockgrowth, pointing to the success of the current policy, he said.    But high monetary stocks can be a warning sign and thereshould be no change in priorities. "Monetary policy must befirst and foremost stability policy and successful stabilitypolicy is money supply policy -- nothing else," he said. REUTER&#3;