Property looks set to continue toprovide good returns on investment in most major cities in Asiaand Australia this year.    A Reuter poll of property analysts, bankers and economistsaround the region shows better returns are often more likely tocome from buying and selling real estate than from rentalincome.    In central Tokyo, property analysts project commercial landprices will rise this year by 10 to 20 pct after last year's53.8 pct jump.    The main draw for local and foreign investors in Japan isTokyo, where the top price paid for a central commercialproperty last year was 169,000 dlrs a square meter. A buildingin land-poor Singapore recently sold for 3,300 dlrs a meter.    But the analysts said Tokyo rents could level off as supplyincreases slightly and the strong yen puts prices out of reachof foreign investors.    Japanese investors, spurred by the yen's rise, are spendingrecord sums on property abroad, partly elsewhere in Asia, butin particular in the U.S., Where Japanese investment coulddouble this year to 10 billion dlrs, the analysts said.    The analysts forecast that Hong Kong property prices willrise steadily over the next few years, although a surge inconstruction will limit increases in some areas.    Property sales have become increasingly popular because insome sectors of the market real estate prices, as in severalcities in the region, have already outpaced rent yields.    "We still see prices creeping up steadily and I don't seewhy the trend should not continue over the next few months,"said Gareth Williams, a partner of land agent Vigers Hong Kong.But he warned investors to bear in mind the political risklinked to the return of the colony to China in 1997.    In several other countries, analysts predicted at leastsome rise in property values, which in one or two cases, suchas Thailand, could help spark a construction boom.    Bankers and economists in Bangkok said they expect at leastseven pct growth this year in private sector construction as aresult of government assistance, low mortgage rates and agenerally bullish economic outlook.    Increased confidence in the economy has also improved theoutlook for property in Manila after a three-year slump, onePhilippine developer said.    Taiwan's property market is also set to turn around afterfive years in the doldrums, according to property developers inTaipei. They, like counterparts in many of the region'scapitals, cited low interest rates as a major factor.    One leading broker said the property market had become anattractive investment in Taiwan, noting property developmentyields of up to 15 pct.    Jakarta too has plenty of new office towers. Constructionhas helped cut rents to half the levels of the early 1980s,though foreigners usually have to rent because of limits onproperty ownership, as in many parts of Asia.    In contrast, Australia's easing of rules on foreigninvestment in property, combined with financial deregulationand a weaker dollar, has helped spark overseas interest in themarket, analysts said. But this has not always meant sales.    "What we have seen is an increase in inquiries, particularlyfrom Japan, but this has yet to show itself in many new dealsbeing done," said Allan Farrar, executive director (real estate)of Elders IXL Ltd's pastoral group.    Yields on prime Sydney office buildings average 6.5 pct,and one analyst forecast a 20 pct jump in rents this year after15 pct rises in each of the past two years.REUTER...&#3;