International Business Machines Corphas started the year aggressively, but industry analysts saidthe company still faces some tough rounds in its fight to stopa two-year earnings slump.    "I am more impressed with what's happening at IBM than Ihave been in a long time," said PaineWebber analyst StephenSmith.    "But they're not out of the woods yet," he added.    At 1.30 dlrs a share, IBM's first-quarter net income easilytopped most estimates on Wall Street, which had ranged from aneven dollar to 1.20 dlrs.    Most analysts said they were pleasantly surprised by IBM'sperformance. But they indicated that IBM's chances for a fullrecovery hinged on several key factors whose impact will not befelt until later in the year.    These include the success of IBM's new personal computerline, introduced two weeks ago, and its 9370 minicomputers,which will begin volume shipments in July.    In addition, IBM has said the full benefits of itsearly-retirement program and other cost-cutting moves willemerge as the year progresses.    Analysts noted that IBM chairman John F. Akers wasrelatively more upbeat in assessing the company's outlook thanhe has been for nearly a year.    "Although the worldwide economic situation remainsunsettled, there are some encouraging signs in our business,"Akers said, pointing to, among other things, higherfirst-quarter shipments. "We remain optimistic about theprospects for both the industry and IBM," he said.    "Akers was most encouraging," said PaineWebber's Smith.    A weak dollar, a lower tax rate and strong mainframecomputer sales all contributed to the better-than-expectedfirst-quarter results, analysts said.    "Shipments of the 3090 mainframes were very strong inMarch," after a weak January and February, said Ulric Weil ofWashington-based Weil and Associates.    Sales of the top-of-the-line mainframes, commonly calledthe Sierras, "bailed out the whole quarter," Weil said, adding,"If this continues, it augers well for the rest of the year."REUTER...^M&#3;