The Bundesbank's options for WestGermany monetary policy are limited for the foreseeable futureby the delicate stage of wage negotiations between unions andemployers, economists and money market dealers said.    Call money fell in quite active trading today, dropping to3.40/50 pct from 3.55/65 pct yesterday, and below the 3.50 pcttreasury bill rate as a difficult month-end approached.    But dealers and economists said the Bundesbank was unlikelyto encourage lower rates in the foreseeable future largely forfear of upsetting the current wage round.    One money market dealer for a major foreign bank said, "Idon't think the Bundesbank wants rates to go up whateverhappens. But it also does not want them to fall. Above all itwants to wait to see how the unions wage round goes."    In West Germany, unions and employers prepare the groundfor triennial wage negotiations based on detailed assessmentsof growth and inflation, economists said.    Ute Geipel, economist with Citibank AG, said if theBundesbank became more accommodating in monetary policy,raising fears in some quarters of a return in inflation in themedium term, unions would be obliged to curtail wage demands.    As a result the Bundesbank was concerned to make no movethat would interfere in the negotiating process, Geipel said.    In the current round, the country's most powerful union,the IG Metall representing metalworkers and engineers, isdemanding a shortening of the working week to 35 hours from thepresent 38-1/2 and an accompanying five pct increase in wages.    The engineering employers' association, Gesamtmetall, isoffering to bring in a 38-hour-week from July 1, 1988, and givea two stage wage increase -- a 2.7 pct rise from April 1 thisyear and another 1.5 pct from July 1, 1988.    The agreement forged by IG Metall -- Europe's largestunion, with 2.5 mln members -- and the employers would set thebenchmark for settlements in other industries such as thepublic sector, banks and federal post office. Negotiationsbegan in December and unions are hopeful they may conclude byearly April, ahead of the traditional holiday period in June.    Though many economists said the unions' current warningstrikes and rhetoric were part of the negotiating strategy andwould not lead to a repeat of 1984's damaging seven-weekstrikes, others said unions would not compromise greatly ontheir positions and there could still be conflict.    This could extend the length of time in which theBundesbank would keep its activity low-key, economists said.    The money market head said the unions' humiliation by theprotracted financial problems of the Neue Heimat cooperativehousing venture would contribute to union obstinacy.    "The unions haven't forgotten that and they will put thissquarely onto the account in the negotiations," he said.    In addition, the newly-elected chairman of the IG Metallunion, Franz Steinkuehler, was more radical and determined thanhis predecessor Hans Meyer and may be set for a longer battleto achieve the best possible settlement for his membership.    More than 16,000 engineering workers at 45 firms, mainly insouth Germany, held warning strikes lasting up to two hoursyesterday. Firms hit included Zahnradfabrik Passau GmbH andaerospace group Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm GmbH.    Today, 28,000 employees from 110 companies came out inwarning strikes, a statement from IG Metall said.    Money market dealers said that overnight call money rateswould rise in the near future in any case and did not depend ona politically-inhibited Bundesbank.    About eight billion marks were coming into the markettomorrow from salary payments by the federal government.    As a result, some banks fell back on the Bundesbank's offerto mop up liquidity via the sale of three-day treasury bills,anticipating still lower rates before the month-end.    But a pension payment date by banks on behalf of customerswas due on Monday, other dealers noted. If banks were short ofliquidity until the bills matured on Tuesday, rates could soar,perhaps to the 5.50 pct Lombard ceiling.    Banks were well stocked up with funds, having an average52.1 billion marks in Bundesbank minimum reserves in the first24 days of March, well above the 50.7 billion requirement. REUTER&#3;