The banking sector has regained itsstability after a protracted period of difficulty, bankingcommissioner Robert Fell said.    "The banking climate has dramatically changed from a yearago," he said at a news conference to present his annual reporton the banking sector for 1986.    "We've got confidence back. We've got profitability back." hesaid.    A three-year shake out in the local banking sector forcedthe government to take over three banks and arrange for theacquisition of four others by the private sector.    Fell said that in many cases the bank problems stemmed frommanagement fraud which he linked partly to dramatic swings inthe stock and property markets in the early 1980s.    "We've got it out of the system now," he said. "Fraud is nolonger a systemic problem."    But he acknowledged there may still be problems.    "Deliberate fraud is difficult to detect especially wherecollusion and senior management are involved," he said."Prudential supervision cannot give complete protection. The(new banking) ordinance is designed to give a "measure" ofprotection."    Fell said a number of banks want to set up operations inHong Kong, adding the government approved three bankinglicences this week. He did not give details.    At the end of 1986, there were 151 licenced banks, 25 ofwhich were locally incorporated, compared with 143 a year ago.Another 134 foreign banks had representative offices comparedwith 131 a year ago.    There were 34 licensed deposit-taking companies (DTCs) and254 registered DTCs at the end of 1986, compared with 35 and278 respectively a year ago, he said.    Foreign banks seeking banking licences in Hong Kong musthave assets of 14 billion U.S. Dlrs. But Financial SecretaryPiers Jacobs said yesterday the asset criteria are flexible.    A high asset threshold has worked in the favour of banksincorporated in countries with relatively large economies, henoted.    "No licences in the last few years have been granted tobanks from any of the smaller countries in the Asia-Pacificregion," he said. REUTER&#3;