Scott Paper Co, one of the leaders inthe tissue and coated paper business, said it expects 1987earnings to be between 5.75 dlrs and 6.25 dlrs a share, withinthe range proscribed by most Wall Street analysts.    "We have put together five or six years of prettyrespectable growth and three consecutive years of recordearnings and I see no reason why this growth pattern should beinterrupted," Scott's chairman and chief executive officerPhilip Lippincott told Reuters in an interview.    Last year, the company reported earnings of 4.96 dlrs ashare, reflecting the impact of a a strike at its Mobile,Alabama, plant.    Earlier today, Lippincott outlined his bullish growthscenario for analysts, emphasizing that the company is dealingwith the growing capacity in the industry by developing newproducts and modernizing plants. He said that capacityincreases in the industry, particularly tissue paper, havestymied price hikes but Scott has boosted sales by providingmore distinctive products that meet the needs of consumers.    "Scott Paper has shown tremendous growth in the last fiveyears, but I think that improvement is largely unappreciated bythe market," said analyst Sherman Chao of Salomon Brothers whonoted that the stock is selling at a relatively lowprice/earnings ratio.    "They have been striving for a return on equity of 14 to 17pct, but today they were talking about a much higher objective.They are raising their financial objectives," Chao said.    Sales of consumer products increased about four pct lastyear and showed growth of about five pct pace in the firstquarter, eclipsing the overall industry wide sales pace of lessthan two pct, Lippincott said.    "The most favorable thing I came away with today is thattheir Sommerset, Maine, plant which makes number four coatedpaper, is sold out through September. That means their coatedpaper business is looking particularly good," said LawrenceRoss of PaineWebber Group Inc.       Analyst George Adler of Smith Barney was equallyoptimistic. "They don't have anything that is going to set theworld on fire right now but I am at a loss to find anythingnegative either," Adler said.    He said Scott Paper is continuing to gain market share byemphasizing their strategy and developing distinctive products.    Lippincott also noted that the company stands to gain fromthe depressed level of the dollar. "The bottom line impact of alower dollar was about 15 cts a share in 1986, and we couldhave a similar impact this year," he said. Reuter&#3;