The Canadian government's reducedborrowing needs enabled the Bank of Canada to make "aggressiveuse" of short term debt instruments and pare the cost offinancing in 1986, the central bank said in its annual report.    The report, authored by retired governor Gerald Bouey, alsonoted advances to Canadian banks fell to under one billion dlrsat the end of the year from more than four billion dlrs inJanuary, 1986, and that the country's economy performedunevenly while inflation remained a major concern.    Bouey said the bank was able to reduce the number of newbond issues with maturities of 10 years of more, lessen thereliance on Canada Savings Bonds while raising substantaillymore through short term treasury bill financings.    "The aggressive use of the treasury bill program has meantthat the government is now able to maintain lower cash balancesand lower financing costs," said Bouey who was replaced bydeputy governor John Crow last month.    The amount of treasury bills outstanding at year end was69.7 billion dlrs, an increase of 10.3 billion dlrs over theyear and 20 billion dlrs since 1984.    The reduction in borrrowing needs was brought about by aneight billion dlr decline in the government's financingrequirements, a run down in Ottawa's cash balances, andgeneration of 2.3 billion dlrs from foreign exchangetransactions.    Also in pursuit of shorter term financing, the bank madegreater use of bond auctions to market new issues with two tofive year maturities, Bouey said.    Bouey said payments to chartered banks, which are made tobanks that are facing liquidity problems, dropped to an averageof 832.3 mln dlrs at end of December from a peak of 5.2 billiondlrs in March, 1986.    The advances were made largely to four banks, CanadianCommercial Bank, Northland Bank, Continental Bank of Canada andthe Bank of British Columbia. The first two banks have beenliquidated, which enabled partial repayment of advances, andthe remaining two banks were sold and the new owners repaid theadvances. Reuter&#3;