West Germany's biggestbank said it would withhold support from Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>management at next month's annual meeting because of the VWcurrency scandal.    Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> said it would abstain in votesexonerating VW management and the supervisory board, whichrepresents shareholders and employees, unless an auditor'sreport on the currency scandal is published before the July 2annual meeting and either clearly absolves or blames themanagement and board.    Several shareholder groups have said they will vote againstmanagement at what promises to be a stormy annual meeting. If amajority of shareholders back these groups, the top managementof Europe's biggest carmaker could be dismissed.    Deutsche said it expected the results of the auditor'sreport on the currency fraud, which cost VW some 260 mln dlrs,to be published before the annual meeting.    But in a letter to Deutsche customers depositing their VWshares at the bank, Deutsche wrote: "Without knowledge of theseresults, we do not think we are in a position to make you asuggestion for or against exoneration of the management boardand supervisory board."    "Unless you give us instructions to the contrary, we willabstain with your shares ... but we reserve the right to votefor or against exoneration of the management board andsupervisory board, if this seems in your interest in line withthe results of the auditor's report," it added.    A strong shareholder vote against the management wouldempower the supervisory board to dismiss the management if itchooses, though such a move would not be mandatory.    A member of the supervisory board who does not receiveexoneration at an annual meeting may have to step down.    An abstention or no-vote by banks on behalf of customersagainst management would in itself be a vote of no confidence.    German banks traditionally use their huge proxy votes atannual meetings to support the management of the company, inwhich they are often represented on the supervisory board.    VW management board chairman Carl Hahn said in April that1986 profits had been hit by the scandal, in which documentsrelating to currency arbitrage were allegedly faked, butprofits for 1987 would not be affected.    Following the scandal, finance director Rolf Selowskyresigned, and former chief dealer Bobby Junger was arrested.    Deutsche represents 8-10 pct of VW's share capital, thesources said, and F. Wilhelm Christians, one of the bank's twomanagement board spokesmen (chief executives) is on the VWsupervisory board.    Banking sources said Deutsche was furious with VW after thebank led an international placement of VW shares from thecompany's record rights issue last September.    Less than two months later VW announced a sharp fall ininterim profits, bashing its share price and severely dentingconfidence in the German share market generally.    A spokesman for the Savings Bank Association said thatGerman savings banks would vote not to discharge Selowsky, anddepending on whether the auditor's report was published wouldabstain on the vote for other management board members.    The federal government and the state of Lower Saxonytogether have 40 pct of VW shareholders' votes. It is stillunclear how they will vote. Associations representing smallshareholders will also ensure the annual meeting is heated.    The Protective Association for Securities Ownership hassaid it will vote against the entire management board, and theProtective Society for Small Shareholders will also voteagainst the supervisory board.    A spokeswoman for Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft AG, theauditors commissioned by VW in March to investigate thescandal, declined to comment when its report would be issued. Reuter&#3;