China's first joint venture bank, XiamenInternational Bank (XIB), reported a group net profit of about14 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986, the bank's first full year ofoperation.    General manager Liu Shuxun declined to give a 1987 profitforecast, saying targets were under study.    Assistant general manager Wang Hongshan said the group'soutstanding loans at end-1986 totalled 620 mln Hong Kong dlrs,up from 530 mln at end-1985. Deposits and interbank borrowingsrose to 680 mln dlrs from 550 mln, he told Reuters.    Liu said most of the group's profit came from the parentcompany rather than its two wholly-owned subsidiaries &lt;XiamenInternational Finance Co Ltd> in Hong Kong and &lt;LusoInternational Bank Ltd> in Macao.    The joint venture bank began operating in September 1985but did not officially open until March 1986.    Liu said the share in the joint venture of the foreignpartner, Hong Kong-listed &lt;Panin Holdings Ltd>, had been cutlast year to 49 pct from 60 pct. This was done because foreignbanks felt the XIB's reputation would be improved if the threeChinese partners collectively held a majority stake, he said.    Liu said news reports about problems concerning Panin wereunfounded, but he did not elaborate. Panin Holdings reported aloss of 1.99 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986 after a net profit of268,000 dlrs in 1985.    The Chinese partners are Industrial and Commercial Bank ofChina, Fujian branch, whose share rose to 23.5 pct from 15,Fujian Investment and Enterprise Corporation 17.5 pct (15) andXiamen Construction and Development Corporation 10 pct (10).    One foreign banker said Xiamen International Bank faced thesame problems as foreign bank branches in trying to compete onunequal terms with state-owned banks.    The foreign banking market in Xiamen is thin and almostsaturated, he added.    Officials of the joint venture bank said they benefittedfrom contacts made through its three Chinese partners. But theforeign banker, who asked not to be named, said it facedinternal competition from the Industrial and Commercial Bank.    Apart from Xiamen International Bank and the InternationalAgricultural Development Bank planned by the World Bank and thestate-owned Agricultural Bank of China, Xiamen has eightforeign bank branches or representative offices, mostly of HongKong or overseas Chinese banks. REUTER&#3;