News of an agreement among G-5 and G-7finance ministers meeting in Washington this week will be keyto the direction of currency futures at the InternationalMonetary Market, but any such agreement will need to go beyondthe Paris accord to stem the recent rise in futures, financialanalysts said.    "If they (the finance ministers) give the market somethingreally new to look at -- that is, some package that goes beyondthe Paris agreement -- you could have a real boost in thedollar," said Shearson Lehman Brothers analyst Anne Mills.    On the other hand, "anything neutral would tend to bebearish for the dollar," Mills said.    Traders and analysts agree a simple reaffirmation of theParis accord will not be enough to halt the decline in thedollar, nor will central bank intervention.    "A lot of people are looking for a reason to buy currenciesand sell the dollar," said one trader for a large retail firmon the floor of the IMM.    "If there is no concrete resolution, they will be lookingto sell the dollar, possibly down to the 1.80 mark level," hesaid.    Technically, most currency futures are poised for anotherrise, said Smith Barney Harris Upham analyst Craig Sloane.    Sloane noted that June yen futures set a new contract highon Tuesday and closed at its best level ever, while Junesterling set a new contract high on Monday.    "Everything seems to be coming to a head right now and youdon't need much to get things rolling," Sloane said.    In particular, the June Canadian dollar, for which Sloanerecently put out a buy recommendation, has hovered in a rangebetween 0.7600 and 0.7660 in recent weeks, forming a triangleon the charts from which it may soon break out on the upside.    A close above the contract high of 0.7665 would signal abreakout, Sloane said, and would likely mean the nearbyCanadian dollar contract would extend its advance to near the0.7800 level. June Canadian dollar closed at 0.7656 Tuesday.    Mills noted, however, that interest rate differentialsbetween Canadian securities and U.S. securities have narroweddramatically recently, with yields on 10-year Canadian bondsonly about 80 basis points above U.S. 10-year notes.    What has helped the Canadian currency, she noted, is anincreasing proportion of foreign funds flowing into theCanadian equity market, particularly from Japanese investors.    Other analysts, however, said currency futures may be nearthe top of their long-term rally.    "Something will be done at the (G-5 and G-7) meeting tocalm people," said David Horner of Merrill Lynch Economics.    The Paris accord has pretty much fixed where major Europeancurrencies will trade, Horner said.    But sterling futures may still make another run for newhighs, up to 1.6300 to 1.6500 dlr in the June contract, on thepositive atmosphere that will prevail before British electionsand possibly another interest rate cut, Horner said. The JuneBritish pound closed at 1.6080 on Tuesday.    Horner said that new boundaries for the trading range ofthe yen are likely to come out of the G-5 and G-7 meetings.    The most likely range will be a bottom for the dollarbetween 140 to 142 yen per dollar and a top near 150 to 152yen, Horner said. In yen futures, the bottom of the dollar'srange would be equivalent to 0.007100 to 0.007150 in the Junecontract. June yen closed at 0.006913 on Tuesday.    If such a range does emerge from the meetings, "we willhave one more rally in the yen," Horner said. Reuter&#3;