The United States will push for astrong statement from Western heads-of-state at the Juneeconomic summit in Venice, urging "comprehensive" negotiationson agriculture begin immediately to reduce domestic farmsubsidies, the senior U.S. planner for the summit said.    "Agriculture has really become the number one internationaleconomic problem," Allen Wallis, undersecretary of state foreconomic affairs, told Reuters in an interview.    At the Tokyo economic summit last year, western leadersidentified agriculture as a major international problem butmade no specific recommendations. This year, Wallis said theU.S. will press for a statement instructing trade ministers tobegin negotiating on the issue, and include domestic programs.    While the Western leaders, including president Reagan, willnot conduct specific negotiations, Wallis said they can give apush to the agriculture talks under the General Agreement onTariffs and Trade (GATT).    Wallis said the leaders should endorse a "comprehensive"negotiation, which is interpreted as including domesticpolicies as well as import restraints and export subsidies.    "They (GATT talks) really have to deal with domesticpolicies, as well as trade arrangements," Wallis said.    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter has said a summitstatement of support for agriculture talks is part of anoverall U.S. strategy to build momentum for the GATT farmtalks.    Public statements in recent weeks by several members of theReagan cabinet have stressed the agriculture issue.    Yeutter and Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng willrepeatedly discuss agriculture during a visit to Japan startingnext week. Yeutter said agriculture will also be on the agendaof the trade ministers "quadrilateral" talks amongJapan, the European Community, the U.S. and Canada this month.    And the ministerial meeting of the Paris-based Organizationfor Economic Cooperation and Development, OECD, in May willhighlight the agriculture problem, Yeutter said.    The OECD in May is expected to release a study of domesticfarm subsidies which shows that Japan has the highest subsidiesamong industrial countries, but aid to farmers is also generousin the EC and United States.    The controversial OECD study calculated a measure of farmsubsidies called the Producer Subsidy Equivalent, PSE, whichallows farm aid to be compared across countries.    Some officials including British Agriculture MinisterMichael Jopling, have said the PSE could be useful as a methodof negotiating lower domestic farm subsidies worldwide.    However, the State Department's Wallis said while the PSEcan be useful in negotiations, it has shortcomings and "its notdefinitive."    He and other U.S. officials said the Reagan administrationhas not yet reached a decision on a specific U.S. agricultureproposal to present to the GATT.    "I would expect it (U.S. proposal) to be in the fall,"after the series of international meetings, Wallis said.    At preliminary meetings of the GATT agriculture committee,the United States has pushed for the so-called "freeze androllback" approach. Subsidies would first be frozen at currentlevels, then rolled-back jointly in stages.    However, the Reagan administration perplexed some tradeanalysts recently by reacting cooly to a plan by Australianprime minister Bob Hawke calling for a similar approach. Hawkeunveiled a seven-point plan to freeze and subsequently reducethe gap between high farm price supports and world prices.    Australia is leading a the so-called Cairns group of 13coutries pressing for freer agriculture trade.    "The proposals that the so-called Cairns group are comingup with seem to be focusing on short-run, quick fixes which isnot what we think is what's called for here," Wallis said.    Wallis and other said the U.S. wants a "long-range"solution to the agriculture problem.    U.S. officials also have criticized the Australian proposalbecause they said it deals primarily with the differencebetween domestic prices and world levels in the EC and U.S.,but fails to focus on the question of market access.    At the same time the U.S. is rejecting the Australian"quick fix", Wallis said the U.S. will press at the summit fora declaration urging that agriculture talks be completed"expeditiously", or within two years.    The unstated U.S. strategy, U.S. officials said, is to keepthe pressure on the EC this year through the export enhancementprogram and lower value of the dollar, in the hope that asweeping agriculture agreement is possible in 1988. Reuter&#3;