Iran said its troops repulsed heavy Iraqicounter-attacks and continued their advance through the ruggedmountains of Iraqi Kurdistan in overnight fighting on thenorthern war front.    Iran launched the new offensive, codenamed Karbala-7, onTuesday night among the snow-capped peaks of the Haj Omranborder area of northeast Iraq.    The Iranian news agency IRNA, received in London, said thetroops "continued their successful advance ... With more thrustsinto enemy positions."    It said "remnants of Iraqi Brigade 604 was shattered and 200of its personnel killed or wounded." One battalion of the 25thDivision's Third Brigade thrown into counter-attacks todaysuffered 70 pct losses, the agency added. Some 208 prisoners ofwar had been taken from the front.    IRNA said the Iranian forces backed by heavy artillery firewere continuing to advance. No Iranian casualties were given.    The area between Haj Omran and the Kurdish town of Rawandizsome 65 km inside Iraq was the scene of heavy fighting in 1983.Iran has backed dissident Kurds in the area in attacks ongovernment positions and installations in northern Iraq.    IRNA said the Iranian forces captured large amounts ofmunitions in the latest fighting.    The Iraqis have made no comment so far on the Kurdistanfighting, or on advances Tehran reported yesterday on thesouthern war front east of the strategic Iraqi port of Basra.    IRNA said today a group of its reporters visitednewly-captured areas on the southern front and found thebattlefield littered with the bodies of Iraqi soldiers andburnt military equipment.    They quoted an Iranian soldier, Hamid Dehqani, as sayingheavy rainfall during the past few days "had paralysed the Iraqienemy from embarking on any action" against the attackingIranians.    IRNA referred to the "Fish Canal" -- the man-made Fish Lake-- made by the Iraqis as a defensive barrier on the easternside of the Shatt al-Arab waterway.    The agency yesterday said infantry and armour of theRevolutionary Guards had captured strong defences west of thecanal in bitter fighting with Iraqi troops. REUTER&#3;