The latest round of talks betweenPhilippine officials and the country's commercial bankcreditors on the rescheduling of 9.4 billion dlrs worth of debtare still proceeding, but with a narrower focus, PhilippineFinance Secretary Jaime Ongpin said.    He told a press briefing Wednesday that Manila has droppeda two-tier interest payment offer, which would have given banksa higher return if they took partial payment in new Philippineinvestment notes (PINs) instead of in cash.    "The PINs proposal has been laid aside.... The discussion isnow on pricing (of just the cash payments)," he said.    Foreign banking sources in Manila said on Tuesday that thePhilippines had raised its basic interest rate offer to 7/8over the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) but Ongpin wouldnot discuss details of the pricing negotiations.    He also refused to speculate on when an overall agreementmight be reached. The talks have been going on for more thanthree weeks.    Manila originally offered to pay interest in cash at 5/8over LIBOR or in a mixture of cash and PINs -- tradeable,dollar-denominated, zero coupon notes that could potentiallyyield up to one point over LIBOR.    The PINs option was subsequently modified to guarantee atleast a 7/8 point spread over LIBOR but many bankers still hadgrave reservations, seeing it as a possible precedent for otherlarge debtors to avoid paying interest in cash.    The PINs proposal has now been left on the table as aseparate option for those banks, which might want to fund theirown investments in the Philippines or sell the notes in thesecondary market, Ongpin said.    Under Manila's plan, the PINs would be redeemable at fullface value in Philippine pesos to fund local equity investmentsat any time prior to their six-year maturity date.    While the commercial banks had their doubts about the PINsproposal, Ongpin said there was great interest on the part ofcertain investment banks which are already active in thesecondary market for sovereign debt.    Unlike current debt/equity schemes, Ongpin said, the PINswould include no government fees and would be free from"administrative hassles."    He said about six investment banks had been approached andfour had replied so far. One even showed interest in buying 45mln dlrs worth of notes, he said.    Ongpin said that by funding current interest payments inthe secondary market through the PINs scheme, the Philippinescould conserve at least one to 1.5 billion dlrs of foreignexchange reserves during its planned seven-year restructuringperiod. REUTER&#3;