Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone,beleaguered by political turmoil at home, sets out Wednesday ona tough mission to Washington aimed at defusing the mostserious U.S.-Japanese trade tension in recent memory.    Two rounds of talks between President Reagan and Nakasone,scheduled for Thursday and Friday, come on the heels of theimposition by the United States of punitive tariffs on Japanesegoods for the first time since World War Two.    In the past, bilateral trade friction involving cottongoods, steel, television sets, textiles and cars have endedwith Japan taking on voluntary export curbs.    Nakasone's visit could coincide with the passage of aprotectionist trade bill by the U.S. House of Representatives.    A proposed amendment to the bill, drafted by RepresentativeRichard Gephardt of Missouri, will mandate a 10 pct annualreduction in the trade surpluses of Japan and other nationswhich have large trade gaps with the United States.    The United States last year had a record trade deficit of169.8 billion dlrs and Japan accounted for about one-third.    Foreign Ministry spokesman Yoshifumi Matsuda said recentlyhe was reasonably optimistic about the results of talks betweenthe two leaders.    Top U.S. and Japanese officials have shuttled back andforth across the Pacific to lay the groundwork for Nakasone'svisit. The last of the talks leading up to the main event willbe in Washington next Wednesday between U.S. Secretary of StateGeorge Shultz and Foreign Minister Tadashi Kuranari.    Nakasone will have an economic package worked out by theruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and by an advisory bodyled by former Bank of Japan Governor Haruo Maekawa.    Japan plans to spend over 5,000 billion yen to boostdomestic demand, increase imports of U.S. products includingsupercomputers and give more help to developing countries,government officials said.    The government has been making last ditch efforts in timefor Nakasone's trip to address outstanding bilateral issues,officials said.    The issues include foreign access to a new Japaneseoverseas telecommunications venture and a six billion dlrinternational airport project in western Japan.    Nakasone and his party last week reached a compromiseaccord with opposition parties over a controversial sales taxplan in exchange for parliamentary passage by the Lower Houseof a government draft budget for 1987/88.    The accord, offered by House Speaker Kenzaburo Hara,virtually killed the Nakasone-sponsored plan, but left room forfuture tax reform plans, political analysts said.    Nakasone, who led his party to a resounding electoraltriumph last July, saw his popularity drop because of the salestax.    His party suffered setbacks in an Upper House by-electionand nationwide local elections in the past two months.    Mitsuru Uchida, professor of political science at WasedaUniversity, told Reuters: "I doubt that whatever Nakasone doesin Washington -- no matter how good it might be -- would helprestore his weakened power-base at home."    Many analysts said Nakasone might step down after theVenice summit of industrialized nations in June. Reuter&#3;