The easing of rules governing overseas useof the yen has caused an explosion of Euroyen bond activity buthas failed to turn the yen into a truly international currency,bond managers and traders said.    Although yen bonds now rank second only to dollar issues inthe Eurobond market, few foreigners are interested in keepingthe yen they borrow and no one wants the yen bonds but theJapanese, they said. This lack of real yen demand through thefreer Euroyen market is undermining the 1984 U.S. And Japaneseaccord to internationalise the yen, they said.    The borrowers want to take advantage of low Japaneseinterest rates but have no need for yen. They arrange primarilywith Japanese banks to exchange yen funds into othercurrencies, mainly dollars, bond managers said. More than 85pct of Euroyen bond issues are swap driven, they added.    "The borrowers don't care which currency they use. They areonly after attractive money," one bond trader said.    Issues doubled to more than 150 in 1986 from the previousyear, boosting Euroyen offerings to more than nine pct of thetotal Eurobond market, Koichi Kimura, managing director ofDaiwa Securities Co Ltd, said recently.    Traders said some of the activity stems from battles amongJapanese and foreign securities companies and banks for theprestige of placing a larger share of issues. Many even resortto "harakiri" swaps, those with unprofitable pricing.    But the fever continues and the number of offerings coulddouble again in 1987, said Naoki Yokoyama, manager of NikkoSecurities Co Ltd's international capital markets operation.    The Euroyen bonds, once issued, are mostly picked up byJapanese trust banks, one trader said. After a 90 day waitingperiod the bonds flow back to Japan where investor appetite isstrong, he added.    Foreign investors are reluctant to invest in yen when moreattractive yields are offered on dollar and other currencyinvestments, traders said.    "Even aggressive foreign investors have stopped investing(in yen)," said Masaki Shimazu, manager of Daiwa's bonddepartment.    While few foreigners are interested in the secondarymarket, Japanese commercial banks, regional banks, lifeinsurers and other financial institutions are eager to buy thebonds and await their flow back to Japan since they offerlittle currency risk, traders said.    The Finance Ministry last April shortened the waitingperiod before issues could flow back to Japan to 90 days from180. A ministry official said it verified through sampling thatreflow was fairly small.    "We believe the Euroyen bond should remain mainly in theEuroyen market," he said.    One trader said that although demand from Japaneseinvestors is heavy, it may prove to be only short-term. He saidmany investors plan to sell their bonds if Japanese or U.S.Interest rates decline further.    To encourage further international use of the yen, theministry is considering allowing the issue of Euroyencommercial paper, the official said, adding that it is studyingdemand from potential borrowers.    Securities company sources believe the ministry will permitnon-residents to issue Euroyen commercial paper within the nextfew months. But they expect it to continue to ban domesticparticipation in the market for some time to come. Japanesebanks object to the short-term paper market which they seeencroaching on their business territory.    Traders said Euroyen commercial paper could spur moredemand overseas for the yen by allowing opportunities to shiftinto shorter-term securities if need be.    "Commercial paper might encourage fewer swaps," one bondmanager said. If more financial instruments were available,there might be more trades in yen, he added.    Euroyen bonds must now carry a five-year maturity, thoughsome recent issues which are callable in three years work as ifthey had shorter maturities, traders said.    The ministry is expected to allow four-year Euroyen bondmaturities within a few months.    One yen bond manager said Japanese financial authoritiesare giving up a lot of their control in liberalising the rulesgoverning international transactions of the yen. But freer useof the yen could encourage more trade settlements in theJapanese currency, he said. "If exporters or importers can raisefunds in yen, they will be more willing to agree to using theJapanese yen as a settlement currency," he added.    The Finance Ministry official said the government mustconstantly consider ways to improve markets for the benefit ofborrowers and investors. "No major market can keep its statuswithout change," he said. REUTER&#3;