Debt securities issued by major U.S.banks are under pressure in the secondary market as investorsshy away from the paper because of Brazil's suspension ofinterest payments last month, analysts and traders said.    On February 20, Brazil said it would suspend interestpayments on 68 billion dlrs owed to foreign commercial banks.No date was established for the renewal of payments.    "Buyers have backed away from bank paper. These securitieshave become very difficult to sell despite a rise in theiryields," said one corporate bond trader.    "Debt issues of major money center banks will probablycontinue to trade off until such time as the Brazil situationis resolved," said Loretta Neuhaus, a vice president withMerrill Lynch Capital Markets.    "I have not told any of our investors to stay away from thebanks in general," she added. "But I have not received too manyinquiries by prospective buyers lately either."    Traders said debt securities of U.S. banks that areperceived by investors to be heavily exposed to Latin Americandebtor nations declined moderately in price last week. Theysaid the difference between bids and offers widened.    "There is not much trading of bank issues these days," anunderwriter said, referring to the wider bid/offer spreads.    However, he and others pointed out that the secondarymarket has not seen heavy selling by institutions, funds andother investors.    "The selling has been steady over the past couple of weeks.But it has been far from panicky," said another trader.    In addition, institutional sources told Reuters on Fridaythat Salomon Brothers Inc lowered its investment ratings on thestocks of all U.S. money centers. But the sources said it isunderstood the action is not a sell recommendation.    While institutional sources said Salomon lowered theratings to M from O-plus on bank stocks, bond traders said thiscarried over to the secondary market and further underminedconfidence in bank paper.    The banks affected by Salomon's change in investment codingwere Bank of New York Co Inc &lt;BK>, Bankers Trust Co &lt;BT>, ChaseManhattan Corp &lt;CMB>, Chemical New York Corp &lt;CHL>, Citicorp&lt;CCI>, Irving Bank Corp &lt;V>, Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC>,J.P. Morgan and Co Inc &lt;JPM>, Marine Midland Banks Inc &lt;MM>,Republic New York Corp &lt;RNB>, Bank of Boston Corp &lt;BKB> andFirst Chicago Corp &lt;FNB>, sources said.    The institutional sources said Salomon cited a filing withthe Securities and Exchange Commission by Citibank, the leadbank of Citicorp.    Citibank said Friday it told the SEC its earnings could bereduced by 50 mln dlrs after-tax in the first quarter, and 190mln dlrs in the year, if it has to declare 3.9 billion dlrs ofmedium- and long-term Brazilian loans non-performing.    "I believe there will be some renegotiation along the waybetween Brazil and the banks such that the banks will not haveto charge off their loans to Brazil," Merrill Lynch's Neuhauscommented.    But until then, investors are widely expected to remainleery of buying bank paper, according to analysts and traders.    In an unrelated development, RJR Nabisco Inc &lt;RJR> paidwhat some bond traders said amounted to a "penalty fee" whenthe company tapped the domestic debt market on Friday.    RJR Nabisco sold 500 mln dlrs of sinking fund debenturesdue 2017 via lead manager Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. Thedebentures had an 8-5/8 pct coupon and were priced at 98.675 toyield 8-3/4 pct, or 115 basis points over the off-the-run 9-1/4pct Treasury bonds of 2016. The yield and premium overTreasuries was greater than a similar financing in January.    On January 22 Nabisco sold 500 mln dlrs of same-maturity,same-rated sinking fund debentures priced to yield 8.62 pct, or107 basis points over the 9-1/4 pct Treasury bonds.    Both issues were rated A-1 by Moody's and A by S and P.    Bond traders noted that Nabisco has called for redemptionaround 1.2 billion dlrs of its 11.20 pct notes of 1997. Nabiscowill buy them back at 107.50, traders said.    "The redemption of an attractive double-digit yield issueshas tainted Nabisco in investors' eyes," said one trader."Obviously, a lot of prospective buyers believe Nabisco shouldpay a higher yield because of that."    Traders also asserted that the higher yield in Friday'spricing reflected the total debt issuance of one billion dlrsso far this year by Nabisco.    "Investors may be showing some signs of indigestion,"remarked one trader. Traders said they expect Nabisco willfloat more debt in the coming weeks to finance the redemptionof the 11.20 pct notes.    Officers on Shearson's syndicate desk declined to comment.    IDD Information Service said the 30-day corporate visiblesupply rose to 3.28 billion dlrs last week from 1.79 billiondlrs in the previous week. Reuter&#3;