Japanese Finance Minister KiichiMiyazawa opened the 20th annual meeting of the AsianDevelopment Bank by holding out the promise of more Japanesemoney for the organisation.    "We are ... Striving to enhance the flow of capital fromJapan to the developing countries," he said.    "The Asia-Pacific region is an area of special concern forus in our bilateral and multilateral assistance."    He said Tokyo was ready to study setting up a specialJapanese fund at the ADB, like the one at the World Bank.    The World Bank fund is earmarked for use by developingcountries.    Developing countries and the United States have criticisedJapan for failing to use its trade surplus to help poorcountries.    Later this week, Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone isexpected to tell President Reagan that Japan plans to extend asmuch as 30 billion dlrs to developing countries over the nextthree years, Japanese officials said. The exta ADB fundingwould be part of that amount.    "Our cooperation is intended to contibute to ... Alleviatingthe burden on (developing countries)," said Miyazawa, who isalso chairman of the ADB board of governors.    "The developing countries today find themselves in a verydifficult situation," he said. "With a few notable exceptions,those countries that are highly dependent upon commodityexports face a rough road ahead."    While the developing countries can help themselves bystriving to become internationally competitive and seeking toattract foreign investment, the ADB also has a role to play, hesaid.    Miyazawa told the meeting the bank must beef up itseconomic advice program to developing nations and must workvigorously to identify development projects for loans.    He also called for more use of loans that were not tied todevelopment projects, but provided more overall help to theborrower.    ADB President Masao Fujioka supported Miyazawa's view.    "The bank has been fondly described as the family doctor,"Fujioka said. "The bank will now have to equip itself to meet arange of services required to attend to varied needs of itsdeveloping members."    Miyazawa told the meeting Tokyo was ready to allow itsExport-Import Bank to co-finance ADB loans. These would nothave to be used for the purchase of Japanese equipment.    Tokyo was also prepared to let the Asian Development Bankraise more funds in Tokyo and financial markets should it needto do so, he said. REUTER&#3;