The failure of the International CoffeeOrganization (ICO) to reach agreement on coffee export quotascould trigger a massive selloff in London coffee futures of atleast 100 stg per tonne today, coffee trade sources said.    Prices could easily drop to as low as 1.00 dlr or even 80cents a lb this year from around 1.25 dlrs now, they said.    A special meeting between importing and exporting countriesended in a deadlock late yesterday after eight days of talksover how to set the quotas. No further meeting to discussquotas was set, delegates said.    Quotas, the major device used to stabilize prices under theInternational Coffee Agreement, were suspended a year ago afterprices soared following a damaging drought in Brazil.    With no propects for quotas in sight, heavy producerselling initially and a price war among commercial coffeeroasting companies will ensue, the trade sources predicted.    Lower prices are sure to trickle down to the supermarketshelf this spring, coffee dealers said.    The U.S. And Brazil, the largest coffee importer andexporter respectively, each laid the blame on the other for thebreakdown of the talks.    Jon Rosenbaum, U.S. Assistant trade representative anddelegate to the talks, said in a statement after the counciladjourned, "A majority of producers, led by Brazil, were notprepared to negotiate a new distribution based on objectivecriteria.    "We want to insure that countries receive export quotasbased on their ability to supply the market, instead of theirpolitical influence in the ICO."    Brazilian Coffee Institute (IBC) President Jorio Daustercountered, "Negotiations failed because consumers tried todictate quotas, not negotiate them."    Previously, quotas were determined by historical amountsexported, which gave Brazil a 30 pct share of a global marketof about 58 mln 60-kilo bags. A majority of producers wantedquotas to continue under this basic scheme.    But most consumers and a maverick group of eight producersproposed carving up the export market on the basis ofexportable production and stocks, which would reduce Brazil'sshare to 28.8 pct.    Consumer delegates said this method would reflect changesin many countries' export capabilities and make coffee morereadily available to consumers when they need it.    A last-minute attempt by Colombia, the second largestexporter, to rescue the talks with a compromise interimproposal could not bring the two sides together.    Delegates speculated Brazil's financial problems,illustrated by its recent suspension of interest payments onbank debt, have increased political pressure on the country toprotect its coffee export earnings.    Developing coffee-producing countries that depend heavilyon coffee earnings, particularly some African nations andColombia, are likely to be hurt the most by the ICO's failureto agree quotas, analysts said.    The expected drop in prices could result in losses of asmuch as three billion dlrs in a year, producer delegatesforecast.    The ICO executive board will meet March 31, but the fullcouncil is not due to meet again until September, delegatessaid. REUTER&#3;