Nigel Lawson, Britain's Chancellor ofthe Exchequer, said some countries may need to cut interestrates with the aim of maintaining exchange rate stability.    Speaking to journalists one day after the Group of Sevencountries reaffirmed goals set in Paris six weeks ago, he saidcentral banks would continue to intervene "as and whennecessary."    He said the G-7 countries were concerned that Japan do moreto stimulate domestic demand and welcomed measures outlined byJapanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa yesterday.    Lawson said he was still worried about  the risk of asimultaneous recession in the United States, Japan and WestGermany, though less so than when he gave his March 17 budgetspeech to the British Parliament.    "If anything I'm a little bit less concerned, but there isstill a risk," he said.    Asked if the United States should consider increasinginterest rates to support the dollar, he said, "If there is aneed for changes in relative interest rates, it doesn't need tobe a rise in interest rates in the United States."    Lawson said there was some concern expressed in yesterday'smeetings at the slow progress the United States had made inreducing its budget deficit.    "We believe there will be some worthwhile progress inreducing the deficit this year. The important thing is that itcontinue year after year," Lawson said.    The February 22 Louvre accord called for efforts tostabilize currencies at then-current exchange rates. In the sixweeks that followed the Japanese yen continued to rise againstthe dollar despite massive central bank intervention.    Asked whether this intervention was a sign of weakness inthe Louvre accord, he said, "I don't think so. If there had beenno intervention you would have called that a sign of weakness."    Although intervention could be a cause of inflation, Lawsonsaid, "the world does not appear to be in an inflationary mode... but one has to be vigilant."    He said yesterday's G-7 statement, which affirmed that"current levels" of exchange rates were appropriate, had been"carefully worded." "We know what we mean, and we all mean thesame thing," he said.    Lawson said financial markets seem to believe that Japanesemeasures outlined in the Louvre accord were the source ofweakness for that agreement.    Therefore, the G-7 countries welcomed Miyazawa'spresentation of plans for a supplemental budget to stimulatedomestic demand.    They particularly welcomed the goal of an immediateincrease in public works spending, but Lawson said the packagealso involved a second stage to increase expenditures duringthe second half of this year. Reuter&#3;