International banks have radicallychanged their attitudes towards debt and lending and debtornations will have to explore new methods of ensuring inflows,Philippine Central Bank Governor Jose Fernandez said.    "Commercial banks have tended to be rather difficult interms of new money for some time now," he told reporters at anews conference. "Within the world there are enormous changestaking place in attitudes of different banks."    He said the banks were no longer flush with funds from thepost-1973 oil boom and were reluctant to lend money.    "They don't have the same kind of money they used to have... They find their whole deposit base eroding," Fernandez said.Groups of major banks had decided that the international arenawas not to their liking.    "They wind up with 7/8 (over Eurodollar rates) and who wants7/8 really? It's nothing. They want to get the frills, but ifthey are not big enough they don't get the frills."    The Philippines on Wednesday announced it wanted torenegotiate a debt restructuring accord it reached on March 27with its 12-bank advisory committee, saying it wanted the sameterms as were granted to Argentina earlier this week.    Argentina was granted a 19-year repayment at 13/16 pointsover Eurodollar rates, the same historically low spread thatMexico won last October, while the Philippines, which hadinsisted on a deal similar to Mexico's, restructured 10.3billion dlrs of its 28.2 billion dlr foreign debt at 7/8.    Fernandez said the old type of new-money agreement, wherehundreds of banks were forced into involuntary lending by anadvisory committee that negotiated agreements with debtorcountries, was becoming increasingly difficult.    He said involuntary lending proved useful in the two orthree years since the Mexican debt crisis in 1982.    "But the present tendency has been that more and more of thebanks, specially the regionals or the small ones, have eithersold off their portfolios or simply by policy will not put upany more money," Fernandez said.    He said another disturbing development was the so-callednational quota approach adopted by groups of banks.    "Groups of banks by nationality have chosen to take a lookat what other groups of banks in other countries are willing todo and if let us say British banks wind up giving 99 pct ofwhat is needed and U.S. Banks give only 92 pct, then theBritish banks say as a whole they will pull out," he said.    "There are banks that have decided that lending is not agood business any more. They want to deal in securities, theywant to go into investment banking, they want to go into theturnover business rather than the carry business," Fernandezsaid. "We have to thread our way through a constellation ofbanks, all of whom have different objectives."    He said in order to survive, the Philippines would have totry and stimulate new types of inflows, "whether this be directinvestments, whether this be investments by institutions thatnow have chosen not to lend but to invest, or whether this bedebt to equity conversions." REUTER&#3;