Iraq has secured agreement to deferoutstanding payments on a 500 mln dlr syndicated euroloanfollowing five months of negotiations with creditor banks.    Banking sources said the rescheduling is part of Iraq'scontinuing effort to defer payments of foreign debt as itseconomy comes under strain from the  Gulf War and soft worldoil prices.    Iraq informed the 37 banks in the loan syndicate lastSeptember it could not meet the remaining four principalrepayments totalling 285 mln dlrs, and missed the first ofthese for 71.25 mln due on September 29.    The 500 mln dlr credit, under the lead management ofParis-based Union de Banques Arabes et Francaises (UBAF), has afive-year maturity and a margin of one percentage point overLondon Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR).    Banking sources said the agreement now worked out goes someway to meeting creditor bank demands that at least part of thefirst missing instalment of 71.25 mln dlrs be paid and notdeferred.    One quarter or 17.8 mln dlrs will be paid on signature ofthe accord, expected in late March, with the remainder in threemore instalments to be made every six months.    The remaining three principal instalments - originally duein March 1987, September 1987 and March 1988 - will each bedeferred for two years from the due date, banking sources said.    The margin for the loan remains unchanged and no penaltyinterest is being imposed, the sources added.    Bank reaction to Iraq's rescheduling request has been oneof resignation, with many bankers seeing little alternative forBaghdad's economic planners. Iraq is estimated to have foreigndebt of about 50 billion dlrs, although about half is thoughtto be in the form of loans from its Gulf Arab allies,particularly Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.    The 500 mln dlr credit is in the name of the state-ownedRafidain Bank. The only other major eurocredit, a 500 mln dlrdeal under the agency of Gulf International Bank, was signed inOctober, 1985 and is still in a two year grace period.    The bulk of Iraq's commercial debt - excluding loans by itsallies in the Gulf War - is in the form of trade financing.    But Rafidain bank stopped paying debt due on letters ofcredit last March and a series of negotiations with banks andwestern government export credit agencies has been underway.Some banks have agreed to a three-year deferrment ofobligations due on letters of credit. REUTER&#3;