Slow progress in talks between Brazil andits major foreign creditors has increased the likelihood thatU.S. banks will declare their loans to Brazil non-performing atthe end of the quarter, bankers said.    Several banks, citing Brazil's suspension of interestpayments on 68 billion dlrs of its 108 billion dlr foreign debtand the absence of a coherent economic plan, have already saidthey might take such a step, even though it would cost themtens of millions of dollars in profits.    An inconclusive meeting here March 22 between central bankgovernor Francisco Gros and Brazil's bank advisory committeecan only have stiffened that resolve.    A nasty row is also looming over 16 billion dlrs of tradeand money-market lines which Brazil froze last month.    The legal commitment to maintain these credits runs out onMarch 31, and the worried talk at the Inter-AmericanDevelopment Bank annual meeting here is that some disgruntledbank will sue for repayment, raising the specter of a cascadeof lawsuits and tit-for-tat asset seizures.    "My gut feeling is that common sense will prevail. But isthere a risk? Yes, the mood out there is pretty nasty," one NewYork banker commented.    Two or three years ago, a showdown between the world'slargest debtor and its largest creditors would have sent shockwaves through the financial markets. But no longer.    Some U.S. money-center bank stocks fell by about 10 pct inthe immediate aftermath of Brazil's payments halt. But, in theEurodeposit markets, which bankers consider to be the mostsensitive gauge of confidence, there was no discernible flightout of bank instruments and into safer government bonds.    In fact, the system has calmly withstood the suspension, inpart or in full, of interest payments by countries owing about150 billion dlrs of the region's total foreign debt of 380billion.    Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala andNicaragua had all curtailed payments before Brazil.    The explanation for the fairly relaxed view is that net newbank lending to Latin America has dried up at the same time asbanks have steadily bolstered their capital base. As a result,exposure relative to capital has fallen and few now fear forthe collapse of a major bank.    That is why, banking analysts have said, Citicorp &lt;CCI>felt emboldened to state early in the day that it might putBrazil on a cash basis even before interest becomes 90 daysoverdue. It would forfeit 190 mln dlrs of profits this year asa result, but for a company which earned over a billion dlrs in1986 the setback would be manageable.    Some other banks are not as strong, however, and aprotracted confrontation with Brazil could still seriouslyerode depositor and investor confidence, especially if otherdebtors are emboldened to follow suit and press for debt relief.    Bankers are thus working hard to isolate Brazil. Financingagreements were reached recently with Chile and Venezuela, anaccord with the Philippines seems to be close at hand, and adeal with Argentina on new loans and a debt restructuring couldbe reached in the next two weeks, bankers say.    In taking a hard line against wholesale debt relief, thebanks have the clear backing of the Reagan Administration. "Allof us have a stake in the stability of the world banking system- a debt forgiveness plan that damages commercial banks alsoweakens confidence in world financial stability," U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker told the IADB meeting.    Some European bankers, however, argue that capitalizationof interest is already happening in practice and that the banksought to face up to the fact and work with the debtors onlonger-term solutions that recognize that not all the interestcan be paid back right away.    Rigid accounting rules have prevented U.S. banks fromseriously considering adding interest to the principal of aloan because they would have to declare the loannon-performing. But, Brazilian central bank governor Gros said,if the banks are now volunteering to take that step, they mightbe more willing to discuss new ideas for debt relief.    "It's not necessarily an unfavorable development," Grossaid when asked about the prospect of Brazilian loans being puton a cash basis.    "We find more room to discuss these things (innovations)with European banks which have already bitten the bullet."     What is clear, however, is that banks are so angry andfrustrated with Brazil that they are in no mood to offer quickconcessions.    A long war of attrition on the debt front lies ahead. Reuter&#3;