Consumers may benefit from newtelephone services if business restrictions against theregional Bell companies are eased, but safeguards against ratehikes may be needed, congressional and industry analysts say.    An easing of the restrictions by the U.S. District Courtwould help bring new services to markets that the regionalfirms are currently prohibited from serving, the analysts say.    But consumer groups add that there is a danger the regionalcompanies would raise rates to subsidize entry into new marketsand safeguards would be needed to prevent that.    Brian Moir, a spokesman for the InternationalCommunications Association, a national group of telephoneusers, said, "If there are no safeguards, there will be higherrates, less competition and less consumer choice."    The seven regional Bell companies created from the breakupof American Telephone and Telegraph Co &lt;T> in 1984 have beenprohibited by the terms of the divestiture decree frommanufacturing equipment, offering computerized informationservices or providing long-distance service.    U.S. District Judge Harold Greene, who presided over thedivestiture and continues to enforce its terms, is currentlyconsidering a Justice Department recommendation to eliminatethe restrictions except on long-distance service within a Bellholding company's local service region.    In separate filings last week, the regional Bells askedGreene to remove restrictions, while industry and consumergroups including the Consumer Federation of America joined ATTin asking that all or most of them be retained.    ATT, which has about an 80 pct share in the interstatelong-distance market, said in its filing it would not opposeentry by the Bell companies into computerized informationservices but was against their participation in long-distanceservices and manufacturing equipment. ATT does not offercomputerized information services.    ATT has asked the Federal Communications Commission, in aseparate proceeding, to reduce price and rate regulations thathave dominated the long-distance business for many years.    Greene is expected to reach a decision on whether to easerestrictions this year, possibly this summer, analysts said.    "The restrictions prevent people who can provide servicesfrom providing them," said a congressional aide.    However, a major concern among consumer groups andlawmakers is that the companies may subsidize those newbusinesses from higher charges to their customers.    "We're talking about activities funded directly orindirectly off the backs of ratepayers," said Moir.    One congressional aide said he was not worried aboutsubsidizing new businesses from profits, but he was concernedthat the Bell companies may overcharge consumers so that theycan invest in new services.    Some analysts said accounting regulations would protectconsumers against cross-subsidization by the Bell companies.    "Those are types of things that really do need review," saidGerry Salemme, an aide with the House Telecommunications,Consumer Protection and Finance Subcommittee.    He added that the House would hold hearings later this yearto examine the potential effects of reduced restrictions.    Gene Kimmelman of the Consumer Federation, which representsmore than 200 consumer groups, said accounting regulations wereinadequate because accountants could not separate equipmentemployed for traditional and new services.    "We have yet to see adequate regulatory safeguards thatexist that prevent cross-subsidization by the Bell companies,"Kimmelman said. "You're either asking for great increases inrates or a great opportunity for cross-subsidization."    One congressional aide expressed concern that lifting ofthe restrictions would lead to joint ventures between U.S. andforeign firms in manufacturing telecommunications equipment andthat could lead to a loss of American jobs. He suggested somesafeguards may be needed to protect against that happening. Reuter&#3;