News of a meeting between U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker and West German Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg on Monday soothed currency markets, allowing thedollar to recoup much of the day's losses, dealers said.    News of the meeting, which took place in Frankfurt in greatsecrecy, came after the dollar fell sharply on criticism byBaker of West German monetary policy, which had provoked fearsthat the Louvre pact on currency stability was in jeopardy.    The dollar reacted immediately to the news, rising over twopfennigs in after hours New York trading, dealers there said.    The announcement of the meeting, also attended byBundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl, was made simultaneouslyin Bonn and Washington, timed for after the closure of New Yorkmarkets.    Baker, Stoltenberg and Poehl agreed to pursue the policiesaccepted under the February Louvre accord, a finance ministryspokesman in Bonn said.    The dollar rose to 1.7970/90 marks from New York's close of1.7730/40. It had closed there on Friday at 1.7975/85 marks.    The dollar had tumbled nearly three pfennigs as the marketreacted to Baker's criticism of rising West German interestrates, and stock markets crashed worldwide. Baker had said thatWest Germany was apparently breaching the Louvre accord.    Under the accord, leading industrial democracies pledged tocoordinate economic policies to foster currency stability, withthe surplus countries, West Germany and Japan, stimulatingtheir economies and the U.S. promising to cut its budgetdeficit.    West German government sources said rising West Germanmoney market rates could not be seen as a breach of the Louvrepact. They were rather a direct reaction to higher interestrates in the United States. U.S. Bond yields have been risingsince May on inflationary fears and in early September the Fedraised the discount rate to 6.00 pct from 5.50.    German yields have also risen over this period, but lessmarkedly, and since late September the Bundesbank has nudged upshort-term rates by changing the terms on its securityrepurchase pacts, its principal instrument for steering themoney market.    The allocation rate on the last facility was 3.85 pct,compared with 3.60 pct. This was partly due to West Germany'sinability to uncouple itself from U.S. interest rate trends,but also reflected concern among monetary conservatives in theBundesbank central bank council about excessive monetarygrowth, which raised fears of domestically produced inflation,bank economists said.    This monetary tightening reflected a switch from thepragmatic line pursued by Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehlsince early this year to stabilise the mark externally, to themore cautious approach of Vice President Helmut Schlesinger.    In an apparent gesture to Baker, coinciding with his visit,the Bundesbank repeatedly added money market liquidity thismorning. Dealers said this was clearly a move to appease U.S.anger over the most recent West German interest rate rises.    "They (the Bundesbank) just don't want to come too muchunder American fire," said Chris Zwermann, currency adviser atSwiss Bank Corp here.    "It seems to me that this is the Bundesbank beating quite asignificant retreat from its position," added Giles Keating,economist at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd in London.    The significance that retreat will emerge from the terms ofthe Bundesbank's next tender for a securities repurchase pacton Tuesday, and its result on Wednesday, money marketeconomists said.    Today's injection of liquidity shows that the Bundesbankdoes not want a further strong rise in the tender allocationrate, which is likely to turn out at between 3.80 and 3.90 pct,little changed from the 3.85 pct on the last facility.    The Bundesbank and Finance Ministry had given no indicationthat the meeting would take place, although the FinanceMinistry spokesman said it had been arranged last week.    Earlier on Monday the Finance Ministry spokesman, asked tocomment on the apparent U.S.-German clash over the Louvreaccord, went no further than quoting Stoltenberg as saying heassumed monetary cooperation would continue.    The spokesman said he believed Baker had already left WestGermany for Sweden on Monday. This week he is also due to visitDenmark and Belgium. Reuter&#3;