Workers in China's ruralfactories are struggling against a variety of problems tomaintain the momentum of progress since industrialisation ofthe countryside began in the 1970s.    "When I was a child, we had no bicycles. We went everywhereon foot. The land here is salty, so the harvests were not good.Money and food were inadequate. When it rained, the waterleaked through the grass roof," said Li Wenxian, 31, of Hongshanin Zhejiang. Now he and other villagers live in largetwo-storey concrete homes with balconies and courtyards.    But still they face formidable difficulties. Many ruralfactories are unable to get the raw materials they need, orelse they find they have become too expensive.    Gao Jianming, an official of Zhejiang's Rural Industrydepartment, said Zhejiang firms scour China for raw materials,which sometimes they barter for finished goods.    The People's Daily this month reported about 60 pct ofChina's rural factories operate below capacity because of powershortages. It said many rural factories lose money because ofthese problems and difficulties in getting credit, poor qualityof goods and competition from larger state firms.    "Electricity is short. In the busiest periods on the farmsthe factories work three to four days a week so thatagriculture can have all the power it needs. But more power isavailable at night or on Sundays," Gao said.    Rural factories mostly operate outside official plans,which allocate raw materials under quota at cheap prices tostate firms. They have to compete on the open market for rawmaterials whose prices are driven up by demand.    Li said Hongshan does not suffer from power shortages onlybecause its cement factory provides cheap cement to theelectricity supply department.    The raw materials of Hongshan's cement have to comehundreds of miles from central China by rail or canal, whileits textile factories buy fabric from the far northeast.    The industrialisation of rural China began in the late1970s, a key part of top leader Deng Xiaoping's economicreforms. Deng wanted to harness the manpower of thecountryside, but keep it there and not draw it to the cities.    Hongshan set up factories and businesses because there wasnot enough work on the land for its 3,700 people. Now just 120of its workers work full-time on the land. The rest work in 23factories making cement, plastics and textiles.    The transformation of the rural economy is most noticeablealong the eastern seaboard where communications are good,labour plentiful, land fertile and large markets nearby.    Gao said rural factories in Zhejiang now employ 25 pct ofthe province's labour force. In 1985 such factories, for thefirst time, produced more in value than the province's farms.    "The industrialising process is not over. When our farms aremore mechanised, and not many are now, more labour will becomeavailable. There is a very big potential," Gao said.    Rural industry in Zhejiang has grown by more than 20 pct ayear since 1980, faster than any other sector of the economy.    Goods from Hongshan's factories are sold all over China.    Villager Li said when Hongshan started building factoriesin 1975 it was illegal, but local leaders approved it oncondition no state money was invested.    "We borrowed money to start our cement factory and haverelied on our own resources since then," he said.    Another worker in a Hongshan tea-growing collective saidbefore rural industrialisation there was no point in workinghard, because most people earned the same.    "The laziest in the commune used to laugh at those of us whoworked more, but got the same," she said. REUTER&#3;