Three geographically diverse droughtsin Asia are being linked by some scientists to areintensification of the complex and little-understood El Ninoweather pattern, &lt;Accu-Weather Inc>, a commercial weatherforecasting service, said.    Rice and wheat farmers in China, wheat and sugarcanegrowers in Australia and tea planters in Sri Lanka all faceserious losses to their respective harvests unless rains arrivein time to break the droughts, offical reports, governmentofficials and meteorologists said.    Wen Wei Po, a Hong Kong daily with close Peking links, saidthe drought is the worst in over 20 years and some provinceshave been without adequate rainfall for more than seven months.    Rice planting is threatened in eight provinces, it added.    Rainfall in the key farming provinces of Henan and Sichuanwas 70 pct below average during February, the lowest figure forover 20 years, the paper said.    The dry weather has cut stored water volumes by over 20 pctcompared with last March and lowered the water levels of manyrivers, it added.    This has resulted in reduced hydro-electric power, causingshortages to industry and households. The upper reaches of theYangtze are at their lowest levels in a century, causing manyships to run aground, Wen Wei Po said.    Unusually high temperatures have also been reported acrossChina, media reports said. The People's Daily said Sichuan hasrecorded temperatures three degrees Celsius higher than averagesince early February.    The New China News Agency said the average Decembertemperature in Harbin in the northeast was six degrees higherthan last December and 14 degrees higher than December 1984.    Severe drought is affecting about one-third of Sri Lankaand threatens to reduce the country's tea crop, Ministry ofPlantation Industries officials told Reuters    In Australia, concern is growing about below-averagerainfall levels in parts of the sugarcane belt along theQueensland coast and in Western Australia's wheat belt, localMeteorological Bureau officials said.    For many farmers and government officials the fear is thatwhile the present low rainfall does not yet pose a majorthreat, the prospect of a dry autumn/winter season when thewheat crop is in its early stages certainly does, they added.    Concern is heightened by the memory of the 1982/83 droughtwhich devastated the wheat crop and coincided with theoccurrence of the barely understood weather phenomenon known asEl Nino, they said.    Although meteorologists are cautious about linking theAsia-Pacific region's disrupted weather patterns to any singlecause, El Nino's role is being closely studied, they said.    Accu-Weather Inc, which specialises in providing data foragriculture and shipping interests, said each El Nino 'event'was unique.    The El Nino does not always produce the same effects andthe present occurrence is much less pronounced than the lastmajor event in 1982/83, it said.    El Nino, Spanish for "Christ Child" because it appears aroundChristmas, is formed by the action of warm air, bearing cloudsand rain, shifting from the Indonesian archipelago to the coastof Peru, where it mingles with the cold waters associated withthe Peru current and returns across the Pacific as the tradewinds, meteorologists said.    The winds, strengthened by El Nino's "pump" effect, raise thesea level off Australia and Indonesia, they said.    When the winds drop, the ocean, seeking equilibrium, sendsa surge of warmer water back across the Pacific where itcollides with the cold seas off Peru, they said.    One effect of this heat exchange is to deflect therain-bearing clouds away from Australia and Indonesia into thePacific, where they further disrupt other weather patterns.    The prospects for an end to the droughts vary, Accu-Weathersaid.    China, where the affected areas have received between 40and 75 pct of normal rainfall, will have to wait for theMay-September rains, it said.    The May-September rains normally provide thedrought-striken areas with 80 pct of annual rainfall.    In Australia, areas of Queensland's coastal strip havereceived less than half the normal rainfall during the currentwet season, but prospects for increased rains are diminishingas the rainy season draws to an end.    In Sri Lanka, the drought has come when rainfall should beat its maximum for the year. The year's secondary rains usuallyoccur between April and June, although it is not possible atthis stage to forecast whether they will arrive as usual. REUTER&#3;