There has been slight progress towardsreaching a rubber pact, the chairman of a United Nationsconference on a new International Natural Rubber Agreeement,INRA, Manaspas Xuto of Thailand, said.    "There has been some slight progress but it is not the endof the road yet," he said.    The conference, which began Monday, is seen as the lasteffort to adopt an accord to replace the current one whichexpires in October. Some 40 producing and consuming countriesare taking part in the two-week meeting.    Xuto said if the key outstanding issues are not resolved bytomorrow he would hold weekend meetings.    At the beginning of the conference, the fourth such meetingin nearly two years, Xuto said it was imperative to settlethose issues this week so that technical drafting work can bedone next week.    Conference sources said it is highly unlikely thatproducers will accept a pact that will provide for any possibledownward adjustment of the floor price, as proposed byconsumers under certain circumstances.    The sources said this means that any possible adjustmentwould centre on the reference price, and the "may buy" (or "maysell") and "must buy" (or "must sell") levels without changing the"lower indicative price" (or floor price) of 150Malaysian/Singapore cents a kilo in the present pact.    The present five-day average of the indicator price isaround 192 Malaysian/Singapore cents.    Consumers are seeking an adjustment of the reference price,set in the current accord at 201.66 Malaysian/Singapore cents akilo, and of the "lower indicative price" if the buffer stock,currently 360,000 tonnes, rises to 450,000 tonnes.    Consumers want price reviews at 12-month intervals insteadof the 18 at present, and the price revision mechanism torespond automatically to market trends.    At present, if the market price has been above or below thereference price for six months, the reference price is revisedby five pct or by an amount decided by the InternationalNatural Rubber Organisation council.    Consumers say that, in these circumstances, the adjustmentbe automatic at five pct or more.    Producers have resisted reducing the role of the council inthe price adjustment procedure and have expressed concern thatchanges proposed by consumers would weaken the present pact. Reuter&#3;