Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HKG> expectscontinued growth in all divisions this year though it seesproblems in the marine sector, chairman Michael Miles said.    He told reporters:"1987 has started well for Cathay PacificAirways which looks forward to another good year... SwireProperties expects further good results both from propertiesunder development for sale and from its investment propertyportfolio."    He did not give any specific projections for earnings. Thecompany earlier reported 46 pct higher 1986 net profits at 1.78billion H.K. Dlrs from a year ago.    Swire also had an extraordinary profit of 1.38 billion dlrsmainly from the sale of a 15.25 pct interest in Cathay PacificAirways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG>.    Miles said the company will use the money to develop itsbusiness, primarily in Hong Kong.    Swire's stake in Cathay was first reduced to 54.25 pct from70 pct when Cathay was publicly floated, and then cut to 50.25pct when Cathay issued new shares amounting to 12 pct of theenlarged capital to the state-owned &lt;China International Trustand Investment Corp>. Cathay last week reported its 1986profits rose to 1.23 billion dlrs from 777 mln a year ago.    Miles said despite last year's rapid expansion in Cathay'sflights and fleet, load factor is still holding up at 70 pct.    He said Cathay's growth last year was the result of "amarginal increase in the revenue load factor coupled withsavings in fuel costs."    "At present fuel prices are stable and will remain stablefor the rest of this year," he said, "though there might be a bitof increase later this year.''    Miles said Swire is not abandoning its offshore oil serviceoperations, even though the marine sector is generallydepressed. "Obviously the marine industry is not getting anybetter," he said.    The real estate market remained strong and Swire last yearrevalued its property portfolio up 634 mln dlrs compared withan increase of 864.4 mln dlrs the previous year.    Miles said he expects the property market to remain firmbut said the firm has no available land for a major housingproject such as its Taikoo Shing development on Hong Kongisland now near completion.    He said the company's 50 pct unit &lt;Hongkong United DockyardLtd> is negotiating with the government for the development ofan existing petroleum storage depot into a major housingestate. "But it's not as big as Taikoo Shing," he said. REUTER&#3;