Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, defended hiscontroversial mandatory supply control farm bill and said U.S.farmers should be allowed to vote in a referendum whether theyapprove of the proposal.    The Harkin proposal would set loan rates of 5.17 dlrs perbushel for wheat, 3.77 dlrs for corn and 9.32 dlrs forsoybeans, all to be put in effect under strict controls onplanted acreage reductions. Present loan rates are 2.28 dlrsfor wheat, 1.92 for corn, and effectively 4.56 for soybeans.    Also under the plan, the U.S. would seek a world marketsharing cartel with the European Community and other exportingnations, to share-out export markets, Harkin said during thefirst of several Senate Agriculture subcommittee hearingsexamining farm programs.    Harkin made the following claims in testimony on his"Family Farm Act."    -- The mandatory control bill would increase farm incomeand reduce government spending on agriculture.    -- Harkin said his policy of high price supports would notruin U.S. agricultural exports as critics claim, but wouldincrease overall revenue from exports.    This would be done by seeking agreement among majorexporting countries including the European Community on marketsharing at agreed high prices.    Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., countered during the hearingthat such a grain export cartel is not workable.    -- Harkin acknowledged that higher commodity price supportswould be passed onto consumers, but he said high food pricesstem more from "gouging" by food processing companies than fromhigh farm product prices.    Harkin cited what he termed "excessive" net returns onequity over five years of 33.4 pct at Kellogg, 31.9 pctMonfort, 22.8 pct Nabisco, 22.8 pct ConAgra, 21.2 pct H.J.Heinz, 19.1 pct Ralston Purina, 17.2 pct Pillsbury and 16.7 pctQuaker Oats.    -- Harkin said a "legitimate" concern about his bill wouldbe the impact of higher prices on livestock producers.    He said as a transition to the higher prices, he wouldallow livestock producers to purchase Commodity Credit Corp.grain stocks for three years.    Thereafter, livestock farmers would benefit from a"predictable and stable" grain price, he said.    -- Harkin said that under his policy approach farmparticipation would be no more "mandatory" than the currentfarm program. He said farmers now must participate in farmprograms in order to receive credit for planting and to protectfarm income. Reuter&#3;