The National Weather Service said apowerful winter storm centered over north central Oklahoma wasspreading snow from western and central Kansas across much ofNebraska to southern and eastern South Dakota.    Rain was reported across parts of Minnesota, Iowa, easternKansas, Missouri and eastern Oklahoma, with showers and a fewthundershowers extending from Arkansas through the lowerMississippi Valley to Alabama and northwest Florida.    Strong winds of 20 to 35 mph with some stronger gusts werereported across much of the Plains, causing considerableblowingand drifting snow. A blizzard warning continued thismorning across most of western Kansas. A winter storm warningwas issued this morning over central and northeast Nebraska.    Weather advisories were posted for this morning overcentral Kansas and central and southeast sections of SouthDakota where two to five inches of snow could accumulate.    Locally heavy rains accompanied the storm over portions ofthe central Plains. Flash flood watches were issued for thismorning across the eastern half of Kansas.    A flood warning continues today for eastern Nebraska.Widespread lowland and small stream flooding is expected tocontinue over most of eastern Nebraska through Wednesday.    Due to cold, damp and windy conditions, livestockadvisories were posted this morning across central andsoutheast portions of South Dakota.    As the storm moves north across the central Plains, winterstorm watches were issued over south central South Dakota, latetonight and Wednesday over west central Minnesota.    Elsewhere, a travelers advisory remains in effect thismorning over northeast New Mexico and the Oklahoma and TecasPanhandle for blowing snow and slick roadways and across themountains and deserts of southern California for strong gustywinds of 25 to 40 mph. Gale warnings were issued for todayalong the central California Coast.    Mostly clear skies extended from the Great Lakes and OhioValley through the central Appalachians to the central AtlanticCoast and New England. Reuter&#3;