Texaco Inc's decision to file forprotection under the bankruptcy code had a chilling effect onits stock, and sent Pennzoil Co's shares sharply lower as well,traders said.    Texaco dropped 3-1/2 to 28-3/8 and Pennzoil fell 12-7/8 to79-3/8.    "A lot of people had bid up Pennzoil, expecting asettlement of two to five billion dlrs in this case," energyanalyst Rosario Ilacqua of L.F. Rothschild said, "and nownobody knows where this is going to settle out."    "It seems to me that the hope of an out of court settlementin this long running court case had a greater relative impacton Pennzoil's stock then on Texaco's," analyst SanfordMargoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers said, citing the sharperdecline in Pennzoil this morning.    The litigation arose when Pennzoil sued Texaco forinterfering in its 1984 agreement to acquire Getty Oil. In1985, a Texas state court ruled in favor of Pennzoil andordered Texaco to pay 10.53 billion dlrs in damages.    Citing the burden of the court case and a Supreme Courtruling last week in favor of Pennzoil concerning the amountTexaco must put up as a bond while appealing the case, Texacofiled for the Chapter 11 protection on Sunday.    "That decision puts Pennzoil in the unsecured creditorcatagory and that means they have lost their preferredposition, which is causing the most damage to the stock today,"Margoshes said. "They will only be able to collect paymentafter secured creditors have collected," he said.    "From the standpoint of the attractiveness of Texaco'sstock," Margoshes said, "I have turned quite bullish."    "I think there is an overreaction in the downside of the(Texaco) stock today, with some investors believing that Texacocannot effectively conduct its business. But only Texaco Incand two subsidiaries are under protection, and there is noindication that they will not be able to proceed adequately,"Margoshes said. In addition, he noted, "there are insitutionsthat just cannot legally--according to their ownregulations--hold a stock that is in bankruptcy. That causedmuch of the selling at the opening," he said.    L.F. Rothschild's Ilacqua said "you have to wonder if aninterim settlement can be reached between the two or if thisthing is going to go the full legal route, and that is whatinvestment decisions hinge on."    He said "if this whole thing settles with Texaco owing alot less than the 10 billion dlrs, speculating in Texaco stockcould be quite interesting." He expects the stock to trade 25dlr to 30 dlr a share range for as long as it takes for adecision to made in the case. Reuter&#3;