Consolidated attributable net profit ofSte Lyonnaise des Eaux &lt;LYOE.PA> is likely to rise by at least10 pct this year from the 360 mln francs reported for 1986,Chairman Jerome Monod told a news conference.    Group turnover should rise about seven pct from the 15.7mln reported for this year, while group investments shouldtotal around 1.8 billion francs, somewhat above the 1.3 billionannual average of the past three years, he added.    Investments will be aimed mainly at developing the group'sleisure industry, health and communications activities, Monodsaid.    In the leisure sector the group planned a joint developmentwith Club Mediterranee &lt;CMI.PA>, Club Med, of a 200 hectarepleasure park at Puisaye in the Yonne department of EasternCentral France, he said.    Wholly-owned subsidiary Lyonnaise de DeveloppementTouristique would carry out the construction work and financialplanning of the development which would be leased to Club Medas operator of the complex, he said.    He gave no financial details but said leisure sectorinvestments would total about 100 mln francs over the nextthree years.    Investments in the communications industry would go mainlyto develop the group's cable television activities and its 25pct owned Metropole Television affiliate. Metropole recentlywon the concession to operate a sixth television channel inFrance.    Financing requirement of Metropole would be about 700 mlnfrancs over the next four years, of which Lyonaise des Eauxwould provide about 175 mln, Monod said.    Monod said Metropole aimed to win a 15 to 20 pct audienceshare and to capture about 10 pct of the national televisionadvertising market.    Total investment by the group in the communications sector,including cable activities, would be between 300 mln and 400mln francs over the next five years, mainly concentrated in thecoming year.    Investment in cable operations would total between 150 mlnand 200 mln over the five years, with the aim of widening theaudience to 280,000 subscribers from 12,000, and boostingturnover to around 450 mln francs a year from 10 mln. REUTER&#3;