Developing countries said the EuropeanCommunity (EC) would breach two international agreements if itwent ahead with its plans for an oils and fats tax.    Ambassadors to the EC from African, Caribbean and Pacific(ACP) states told a press conference the tax would hit theexports of 26 ACP countries.    They said the EC failed to follow consultation procedureslaid down in the Lome Convention which regulates relationsbetween ACP states and the bloc for moves which could affecttrade between the two sides.    They also said the EC would be in breach of an undertakingnot to bring in new protectionist measures during the currentPunta del Este round of world trade negotiations being heldunder GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade) auspices.    The EC Commission has proposed a tax of up to 330 Europeancurrency units (Ecus) a tonne on both imported and EC-producedvegetable and marine fats for human consumption, which couldraise up to two billion Ecus a year.    EC farm ministers, who would have to approve such a tax,are split on the issue and are expected to decide it at amarathon meeting on EC farm prices beginning in Luxembourg onJune 15.    Jamaican ambassador Leslie Wilson said ACP countries areconvinced this would lead to EC industry substituting productsmade within the bloc for oil and fat imports. The ACP estimatesthis would result in a fall of 160 to 185 mln Ecus in itsmember country exports.    "We can't believe the EC would willingly take measures toundermine our countries, but such would be the impact of thesemeasures," Wilson said.    The U.S. and Malaysia say their exports would also be hitby the proposed tax and they may take retaliatory action if itis approved.    Wilson said the ACP would take such steps only "as a verylast resort," but added that the ACP is in touch with othercountries which oppose the plan.    Wilson, who was chairing the news conference, made it clearJamaica itself would not be hit by the tax as it does notexport oils and fats.    Among the worst hit countries would be Ivory Coast,Senegal, Nigeria and Papua New Guinea, the ACP says. Reuter&#3;