The U.S. grain planting intentions andstocks reports bear optimistic news for U.S agriculture, agrain analyst on a Chicago Board of Trade panel said.    The decline in intended soybean acreage and lower stocksare "the first report we've had for a long time that shows anyoptimism for anybody," said John "Bud" Frazier, grain analystand executive vice president for Balfour MacLaine, Inc.    "I'm really excited about it," Frazier said.    The U.S. Department of Agriculture said farmers intend toplant 67.6 mln acres of corn, down from 76.7 mln planted lastyear, and 56.8 mln acres of soybeans, down from 61.5 mln.    The report showed March 1 stocks of 1.4 billion bushels ofsoybeans, 8.3 billion bushels of corn, and 2.3 billion bushelsof wheat, all below trade guesses.    Frazier was joined by Susan Hackmann, senior grain analystwith AgriAnalysis, and Mark Meyer, a grain analyst withShearson Lehman Brothers, Inc., on a Chicago Board of Tradepanel to discuss the reports.    Frazier said the stocks reports in particular were friendlyfor the market, and soybean prices would jump three to fivecents a bushel "if the bell rang right now."    "We're getting our disappearance up. We have less (corn andsoybeans) than we thought we had," he said, noting that hog andpoultry production is up.    "We're seeing low prices generate some interest in demand,"said Meyer, adding that feed use was up 13 pct last quarter and15 pct in the preceding quarter.    However, Hackmann said production could continue to exceedconsumption.    She noted that most of the reductions in soybean acres camein southeastern states, where yields are usually low.    "We have the potential for record breaking soybean yieldsthis year, (which) will temper the enthusiasm on tomorrow'sopening," she said.    Hackmann said record corn yields also are possible, and thecrop could reach 7.1 billion bushels, which would be down fromlast year's 8.25 billion bushels.    "We'll need very good disappearance next year to reducestocks," she said. The USDA estimated disappearance last yearat 6.7 billion bushels.    Hackmann said the stocks report was positive for the longterm, "But we still have a long way to go to bring stocks downto where we could start rebuilding prices."    Frazier also cautioned that the soybean acreage reportcould prompt farmers to change their plans and plant moresoybeans.    The panelists agreed that the reports should discouragetalk of revising the 1985 farm bill.    "There seems to be no desire ... to change the farm lawwe're working under today, and this report should reinforcethat," Frazier said.    "We are seeing the program beginning to work," said Meyer. Reuter&#3;