Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson, presenting his budget for fiscal 1987/88 to Parliament,said U.K. Economic growth was forecast at three pct in calendar1987.    He said the Treasury expected a current account balance ofpayments deficit in 1987 of 2.5 billion stg, after a 1.1billion shortfall in 1986.    Inflation is expected to be 4.0 pct at the end of thisyear, Lawson said.    "As I forecast in the Autumn Statement, inflation maycontinue to edge up for a time, perhaps exceeding 4.5 pct bythe summer, before falling back to 4.0 pct by the end of theyear," he added.    Turning to the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR),Lawson said the likely outturn for fiscal 1986/87 was 4.0billion stg, or 1.0 pct of GDP.    The planned PSBR for 1987/88 was set at 4.0 billion stg.    On monetary policy, Lawson confirmed the target range forthe narrow M0 measure would be two to six pct in fiscal1987/88.    No explicit target was set for the broad sterling M3aggregate, he said. "But broad money will continue to be takeninto account in assessing monetary conditions, as of coursewill the exchange rate," the Chancellor told Parliament.    Lawson said the low outturn of the PSBR in 1986/87 "ischiefly attributable to the remarkable buoyancy of non-oil taxrevenues in general, and the corporation tax paid by anincreasingly profitable business sector in particular."    On oil prices, Lawson said he was sticking to his earlierassumption that North Sea crude prices will average 15 dlrs perbarrel in calendar 1987.    He said "it is clear that the increased flow of non-oil taxrevenues, coupled with the prospective further growth of theeconomy in excess of the growth of public expenditure, puts thepublic finances in a very strong position."    Lawson said the Treasury would strive to keep the PSBR at1.0 pct of GDP in future.    "We have reached what I judge to be the (Medium TermFinancial Strategy's) appropriate destination - a PSBR of 1.0pct of GDP. My aim will be to keep it there over the yearsahead," Lawson said.    "Inevitably, this greatly diminishes the scope I have thisyear for reducing the burden of taxation, which of courseremains a major objective of government policy."    "But I am sure it is right to err on the side of prudenceand caution, and to build a still firmer base for the future."    Lawson said the time had come to strike the ExchangeControl Act from the Statute book.    On corporation tax, he said the rate will remain unchangedat 35 pct in 1987/88. But companies' capital gains will becharged at the "appropriate corporation tax rate."    He said that under the new proposed system, companiesshould be able to set Advanced Capital Tax (ACT) paymentsagainst tax on capital gains.    "Taken together, these changes should yield 60 mln stg in1988/89," Lawson said.    Lawson said he will propose that all companies and buildingsocieties be treated the same way on payment of corporationtax, "with all liable to pay corporation tax nine months afterthe end of the accounting period on which the tax is due."    "I also propose to legislate now to pave the way for a newmethod of collecting corporation tax, to be known as Pay andFile."    This would be part of a wider programme of streamlining taxcollection, and would not come into force until the early1990s.    Lawson said he planned two reliefs on Petroleum Revenue Tax(PRT). As from today, companies may elect to have up to 10 pctof the costs of developing certain new fields set against their(PRT) liabilities in existing fields, until the income of thosenew fields exceeds the costs incurred.    Second, there will be a new relief against PRT for spendingon research into U.K. Oil extraction that is not related to anyparticular field.    On business employment, Lawson said employers will receivetax relief for retraining workers.    Lawson said that in future, traders registered for ValueAdded Tax (VAT) would be able to choose to account for the taxon the basis of cash paid and received.    Small businesses may account for VAT annually instead ofquarterly. The VAT compulsory registration period was beingextended to 30 days, he added, and VAT registration thresholdsare to be raised to 21,300 stg.    New measures are planned to combat VAT avoidance, he added.    The capital gains tax retirement relief limit would now beset at 125,000 stg.    Lawson said he proposed to change the law so that companiesin multinational groups with dual residence will no longer beable to secure tax relief twice on the same interest payment.The change will take effect on April 1, 1987, but "genuinetrading companies" will not be affected.    He also planned to end the present treatment of tax creditrelief for foreign withholding tax paid on interest on bankloans, also from April 1.    "In future, banks will be able to offset this tax creditonly against tax on the profit on the relevant loan," he said.    The standard rate of taxation is being reduced by twopence, to 27 pct from 29 pct.    Lawson reiterated the government's aim of reducing basictaxation to 25 pence in the pound, but added "given my decisionto use the greater part of the fiscal scope I now have toreduce the PSBR, that goal cannot be achieved in this budget."    Small companies' corporation tax is also being reduced to27 pct, he said.    On the Lloyd's insurance market, Lawson said he planned tochange the tax treatment of Lloyd's syndicates, bringing itinto line with that of provisions for outstanding liabilitiesmade by ordinary insurance companies and of comparableprovisions made by financial traders.    The Inland Revenue would be told to consult urgently withLloyd's about the details of the legislation, he said.    "The new rules will first apply to premiums payable for theLloyd's account which closes on December 31 this year," Lawsonsaid. MORE&#3;