General Motors Corp's relationship withits hourly employees has turned ugly, and security analysts saythe discord forebodes tough talks this fall on a new nationallabor contract at General Motors.    General Motors' dealings with the United Auto Workers,marred in recent months by strikes and a contract rejections,shows few signs of improving as it tries to regain the leadfrom Ford Motor Co &lt;F> as the richest U.S. auto company.    Analysts say the automaker might have to endure a majorstrike this fall before the situation is resolved.    "There is a lot of tension between the workers and GM,"says Michael Luckey, analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers.    Last week's four-day walkout by 9,000 UAW workers atPontiac, Mich., follows longer strikes at two General Motorsparts plants in the past year and rejection of proposedcontracts at other facilities.    Analysts say the Pontiac strike will not be the last to hitthe company.    Other plant strikes are likely, and chances are high thatthe UAW will call a company-wide walkout against GM this fall,says Luckey.    "There is a good chance there will be a strike," saysSalomon Brothers analyst Jean-Claude Gruet.    "GM is acting as if they would welcome a strike," said RonGlantz, analyst with Montgomery Securities.    "It has been my experience the UAW strikes people theydon't like. They don't like GM," says Glantz.    General Motors might also be faced with wildcat strikes, orwalkouts by local union units that are not endorsed by theunion's central committee, analysts said.    General Motors will not comment on the talks, saying onlyit is seeking to become a "world-class competitor."    Elements for a tough set of labor talks are in place."There is a lot of pressure on both sides. (General Motorschairman Roger) Smith is under pressure from stockholders. Theunion is fighting to protect its members. Something has got togive," Luckey says.    The consensus on Wall Street is that General Motors will bechosen as the "strike target", or the main company with whichit will negotiate in the fall talks to decide the nextthree-year national contract.    "You get a feeling from talking with GM that they want tobe the strike target because (they feel) Ford might capitulatetoo easily," says Glantz.    The negotiations, expected to begin in late July, willdecide the major wage, benefit and job security issues thatwill cover most U.S. autoworkers. The current contract expiresSeptember 15.    Job security and "outsourcing", the  subcontracting of jobsto non-UAW labor, are expected to be the main issues.    "You're going to see a rough set of negotiations,particularly if they can't get the outsourcing issue decided,"says one former General Motors human relations executive.    Some analysts point out that if the UAW decides to focus onwages, it might pick Ford as the strike target because ofFord's higher earnings last year.    "You may see a situation where the UAW bargains with thetwo separately," breaking its historical pattern, says Luckey.    The number of cars building up in dealer showrooms mightindicate General Motors is preparing for a confrontation withthe union, analysts say.    The company will have 95 days' supply of cars in dealershowrooms at the end of March, Lucky estimates. Analysts say 50to 65-days' supply is normal.   General Motors wants to enter the negotiations "with enoughinventory that it won't feel a six-week strike," says Glantz.    Some in the industry say that, despite the closing of 11plants and indefinite layoff of 37,000 workers, furtherclosings and layoffs might be coming.    A General Motors spokesman says it is "too early" to knowwhether plant closures will become an issue in the talks.    The former General Motors executive says more closures arelikely after a new UAW agreement is reached, but he adds,"you're not going to see it before the contract," he says.    Lucky says 10 pct of General Motors's components plants areon the "red list" of companies likely to be shut. "It wouldtake a miracle for them to survive," he says. Reuter&#3;