Spain's socialist government is aiming torestore confidence of foreign banks in its power generationsector by pushing through a complete reform of the industry'stariff structure, a senior government official said.    Most foreign banks have been refusing to extend fresh loansto the mainly privately-owned sector since Fuerzas Electricasde Catalunya S.A. (FECSA), a major utility, defaulted on twobillion dlrs of foreign currency debt earlier this year.    Secretary of State for the Economy, Guillermo De la Dehesa,told Reuters in an interview that a new government-inspiredtariff mechanism providing for automatic increases each yearwould guarantee the long term viability of the industry.    He said a bill would be sent before the Spanish Cortes(parliament) this summer, enabling tariff increases from nextyear to be set under the new system.    De la Dehesa declined to give technical details of thescheme, known here as the "Marco Estable" (stable framework), butsaid future tariff increases would make up for the failure ofpast adjustments to cover rising costs.    "The utility companies have a captive market and if they areassured a satisfactory tariff structure they will have the bestof all possible worlds to do business in," De la Dehesa said.    FECSA's debt crisis has caused concern among foreign andSpanish bankers who expressed fears that other utilitycompanies may default for lack of fresh funds unless confidencein the industry's future is restored.    Spain's 14 leading power utilities have massive debts, withshort and medium term exposure of 4,377 billion pesetas at theend of last year. A significant proportion of it is in foreigncurrency, bankers say.    The new tariff plan, currently being discussed withrepresentatives of the utility industry and Spanish bankers,would shortly be presented to foreign creditors, De la Dehesasaid.    FECSA's problems were precipitated in February when thestock exchange suspended trading in the company's stock on thegrounds that it could not meet its debts.     "FECSA was a special case," De la Dehesa said, "but the bankstook fright and extended the crisis to the rest of the utilitysector. We really did not expect this."    Much foreign bank lending to the utility sector has been onthe strength of a government commitment made to internationalbankers at a presentation in London in 1983 to support theindustry.    "I think if foreign banks were lending on the basis ofdeclarations by our energy authorities in London, they willhave all the more reason to do so when the new tariff system ispassed into law," De la Dehesa said.     "This is going to be a palpable fact, not just adeclaration," he added.    De la Dehesa said he believed that once confidence wasrestored in the sector as a whole, FECSA's debt problems wouldbe quickly solved.    A recently formed steering committee representing FECSA'sforeign creditors is due to meet FECSA managers in Barcelona onTuesday for a round of talks on rescheduling the ailingutility's debt.    FECSA's General Manager, Jose Zaforteza, told Reuters hethought the climate of the talks would be greatly improved bythe new tariff proposals.    "You cannot go far wrong when you are managing an electricalutility provided the tariffs you charge are sufficient to coveryour costs," Zaforteza said.    The General Manager of the Madrid branch of a U.S. Bankwhich has lent money to FECSA said there would be littlesignificant progress in the rescheduling talks until details ofthe tariff proposals were known.    "We cannot make any projections about FECSA's ability to payits debts unless we know what the tariffs are going to be," hesaid.    "If you make annual increases over a period of years offour, five or six pct, in each case it's a completely differentball game," he said. REUTER&#3;