Colombia is in the process of arrangingtwo co-financings for projects in the electrical sector,director of public credit Mauricio Cabrera said.    He told journalists he expects an 86.6 mln dlr loan to beco-financed by the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) to becompleted by the middle of next month.    He also said talks have just concluded with the World Bankon a 200 mln dlr co-financing and that discussions with thebankers will begin later this month.    Cabrera was here for the signing yesterday of a 50 mln dlrfloating rate note.    The floating rate note was the first such issue forColombia, which has had limited access to the internationalcapital markets since the eruption of the international debtcrisis in 1982, despite its ability to avoid a rescheduling.    The IADB co-financing is for Interconexion Electrica SA(ISA), a public electricity utility. The loan is for 10 years,with four years grace. Interest will be at 1-1/8 pct during thegrace period after which the margin will rise to 1-1/4 pct,Cabrera said. There is also a front end fee of one pct.    The cost of the project totals 301.6 mln dlrs, of which ISAwill contribute about 100 mln and the IADB 115 mln, he added.    Fuji Bank Ltd and Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd are arrangingthe commercial bank portion of the financing. Cabrera notedthat only about 20 pct of the loan will be drawn this year.    He said the World Bank co-financing is likely to come tothe market no earlier than June. It is part of an overallfinancing for various projects in the electrical sector thatwill take four years and cost about 300 mln dlrs a year.    Of the total cost, he expects the World Bank and the IADBto contribute about 700 mln dlrs, with the Export-Import Bankof Japan lending between 200 and 300 mln. The balance will comefrom commercial banks.    Cabrera said that Colombia also plans one other issue inthe international capital markets this year.    The country expected to launch up to 120 mln dlrs infloating rate notes, but the market has virtually disappearedin the past few months as supply outstripped demand and thenumber of market makers contracted sharply.    Cabrera said he is now considering several options,including a fixed rate Eurobond and an issue in Japan. Lastyear Colombia arranged a private placement in Japan for theequivalent of about 40 mln dlrs. Although it prefers a publicissue, Colombia would place any financing in Japan privately.    Bankers noted that the floating rate note signed yesterday,which was for seven years with four years grace and paid 1-1/8pct over Libor, was basically a "disguised loan."    Cabrera said that as of December 31, 1986, Colombia had 11billion dlrs of public sector foreign debt and 3.4 billion dlrsof private sector debt.    Of its planned total borrowings this year of two billiondlrs, he said that about 1.4 billion had been arranged beforethe end of 1986 and that most of the borrowings in 1987 will bedrawn in future years. REUTER&#3;