Democrats on the House BudgetCommittee, meeting behind closed doors to draft the outlines ofnext year's federal budget, say their work is proceeding at asnail's pace.    In a series of interviews, panel members conceded that thebudget panel's drafting sessions, which began yesterday andwere initially expected to end late tomorrow, will now extendinto next week.    "We've a long ways to go," Rep. Martin Frost (D-Tex.). toldReuters.    "We are not making the progress that we should," said Rep.Vic Fazio (D-Calif.).    Members also acknowledged that the panel's preliminary goal for spending cuts and new revenues would not be enough toenable the government to meet the 108 billion dlr deficitceiling set for the coming year by federal law.    Budget Commitee Chairman William Gray (D-Pa.), interviewedduring a break in the lawmakers' secret deliberations, said thecommittee was still debating the shape of the overall budgetand had come to no agreement on the size or precise form of thenew revenues or spending cuts to be pursued.    But the lawmakers said the House Democratic leadership hasasked the panel to come up with a package of 36 billion dlrs indeficit-reducing measures.    The package would include 18 billion dlrs in new revenues,nine billion dlrs in military spending cuts and nine billiondlrs in domestic spending reductions, they said.    The Democratic lawmakers said they were still trying tomeet those goals but had made no firm decisions.    In particular, the legislators said they were havingtrouble coming up with the nine billion dlrs in militaryspending cuts.    "We're talking in the range of 15-20 billion dlrs in newrevenues, but if we can't come up with the full amount ofdefense cuts, we would have to raise more in new revenues,"Fazio said.    The particular manner in which new revenues would be raisedalso has not been decided, the lawmakers said.    House Speaker Jim Wright (D-Texas) has urged passage of atax on securities transactions to bring an estimated 20 billiondlrs in new revenues into the U.S. Treasury.    But the administration is totally opposed to such a tax, atop official told Reuters yesterday.    The official, who spoke on condition he not be identified,said the administration also opposed another suggestion byWright that the administration delay next year's cut in the toptax rate, called for in the recent tax overhaul law.    The Congressional Democrats first hinted about two weeksago that they would seek to reduce the deficit by about 36billion dlrs and put aside the question of whether the effortwould meet the 108 billion dlr deficit target set for fiscalyear 1988 by the new federal balanced budget law.    The administration has predicted that approval of 42billion dlrs in deficit reductions would meet the target.    Its budget plan, submitted in January, called for 1.024trillion dlrs in spending on revenues of 916 billion dlrs.    But the Congressional Budget Office has said theadministration forecast was based on overly optimisticassumptions about the economy.    The nonpartisan office said the administration's budgetplan, if adopted, would yield a deficit of 134 billion dlrs,missing the deficit target by 26 billion dlrs and. Reuter&#3;