The Soviet Union is attending anAsian Development Bank (ADB) annual general meeting for thefirst time, but has not decided whether to apply formembership, a senior Soviet State Bank official said.    "No specific plans exist for applying for membership," YurijPonomarev, international managing director of the State Bank,told Reuters. "It's too early to draw up any plans."    The USSR is attending the 20th meeting as an observer.    "The sole purpose is to observe and collect informationfirst hand," Ponomarev said.    He said the Soviet Union was responding to a long-standingADB invitation to attend the meetings.    "This is one of the fastest growing regions in the world,"the State Bank official said. "It is in our interest to havegood contacts."    But those strengthened contacts will not be made at theexpense of the Soviet Union's other relationships, he said.    Delegates here said the USSR move was connected to recentefforts to develop closer ties with Asia. The policy wasannounced last year by Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in aspeech at Vladivostok.    Moscow's decision to attend the meetings follows itsapplication last year for membership of the General Agreementon Tariffs and Trade (GATT).    Delegates said the USSR faces lacklustre growth and issearching for ways to boost its economy.    Although the ADB said political ideology is not a critierafor membership, several delegates said politics would play alarge role in any decision to allow Moscow to join.    Moscow's application would have to be approved bytwo-thirds of the board of governors representingthree-quarters of the total voting power of member countries.    The basic votes of the 47 members are all equal and totalone-fifth of all votes. The remainder are proportional to thenumber of shares held by each member.    Japan is the largest shareholder, at 15.1 pct, followed bythe U.S. With 14.9 pct and China with 7.2 pct.    The U.S. Has more than 12 pct of the total votes,insufficient to block a Moscow membership bid.    Japanese officials said Tokyo has not decided its positionregarding the possibility of Soviet membership and said theynoted the Soviets had not yet made any move to join. REUTER&#3;