Enzon Inc said a newtreatment using its investigational new drug PEG-ADA hasrestored the functioning of the immune system in the first twochildren that were born deficient in the enzyme adenosinedeaminase.    The disorder is known as severe combined immunodeficiencydisease, or "bubble boy disease"    Bubble Boy Disease is a rare but severe disease thathampers the development of the immune system. It has killedmost of its victims before adulthood.    Children with the disease are consigned to live in asterile environment, such as a plastic bubble, to avoidinfection, the company said.    The study of Enzon's drug, conducted at Duke University,showed that two children suffering from the disease weretreated for 11 and seven months, respectively, and were free ofserious infection during that time, the company said. Theresults were published in the New England Journal of Medicine.    The disease is caused by a missing enzyme, called AdenosineDeaminase, or ADA, that is crucial to the development of theimmune system.    Enzon said it has developed a technology to coat the enzymewith a substance called polyethylene glycol, or PEG, serving todisguise the enzyme when it is reintroduced into the body,preventing rejection.    "Marked improvement in laboratory tests of immune functionoccurred in each child, along with an increase in the number ofT-lymphocytes, the immune cells that were missing beforetreatment with PEG-ADA had begun," the study said.    "The children are now more active and have begun to gainweight and height. Before treatment their growth had been verypoor in comparison to normal children of the same age," thestudy, conducted by Doctors Michael Hershfield and RebeccaBuckley, said.    The PEG-ADA injections were given once a week. Victims ofthe disease have traditionally been treated by bone marrowtransplants, but for most, donors are not available ortransplantation is unsuccessful, the company said. Otherdiseases caused by a missing enzyme might also be treated byintroducing a PEG coated enzyme, the article noted. Reuter&#3;