The U.S. Producer Price Index forfinished goods rose 0.1 pct on a seasonally adjusted basis inFebruary, the Labor Department said.    The increase came after a 0.6 pct increase in producerprices in January.    Higher energy prices were primarily responsible for theincrease in February, though they rose at a slower pace thanthey had in January, the department said.    The finished goods index was up 0.1 pct from its February,1986 level.    Before seasonal adjustment, the index for finished goodsstood at 292.3 over its 1967 base of 100.    Among finished goods, the index for energy products rosefour pct in February after a 9.8 pct increase in January. Butprice increases slowed sharply for gasoline and home heatingoil, the department said.    There were some price declines, including a 3.4 pct fallfor passenger cars and 1.3 pct for light trucks from Januarylevels. This reflected expanded factory-financed rebates anddiscount loan programs, the department said.    Before seasonal adjustment, the index for finished goodsstood at 292.3 over its 1967 base of 100.    Among finished goods, the index for energy products rosefour pct in February after a 9.8 pct increase in January. Butprice increases slowed sharply for gasoline and home heatingoil, the department said.    There were some price declines, including a 3.4 pct fallfor passenger cars and 1.3 pct for light trucks from Januarylevels. This reflected expanded factory-financed rebates anddiscount loan programs, the department said.    The index for consumer foods fell 0.5 pct after a 1.8pct drop in January as vegetables, pork and coffee cost less.The index for intermediate goods rose 0.5 pct following a sharp0.9 pct rise in January.    The department said that energy prices again were the mainreason, with the index for intermediate energy up 2.7 pct.    Gasoline and diesel fuel prices were about five pct higher,half the 10 pct jump recorded in January.    The durable manufacturing materials index edged down 0.1pct last month after jumping 1.0 pct in January as prices forsteel, precious metals and copper stabilized.    The department said lead and zinc prices fell, whilehardwood lumber and cement cost more. The crude materials indexrose 1.8 pct in February after a 2.9 pct rise in January. Crudeenergy materials were up 2.6 pct, much less than the 10 pctrise in January. Crude petroleum prices rose 4.4 pct last monthafter a sharp 19.7 pct rise in January.    Price rises accellerated for logs and timber and tobacco,but fell for cotton, metal ores and copper and aluminum scrap.    Among finished goods, gasoline rose 5.5 pct after a 15.7pct January increase, and fuel oil was up three pct in Februaryafter an 18.0 pct increase in January. Reuter&#3;