The dollar's recent decline, despitemassive central bank purchases, is a forceful reminder thatofficial intervention in the foreign exchanges can work only ifit is well-timed to coincide with shifts in market fundamentalsor sentiment, dealers and analysts said.    Central banks may succeed in slowing a trend, but, withoutaccompanying policy changes, they stand little chance ofreversing the direction of an ever-growing global market inwhich more than 200 billion dlrs is traded every day, thesources said.    "Timing and psychology are the key to successfulintervention," said Jim O'Neill, a financial markets economistwith Marine Midland Banks Inc. The importance of complementarychanges in economic fundamentals was underlined yesterday whena change in interest rates boosted the dollar, instantlyachieving what the central banks had tried in vain to do for aweek through open market intervention.    After Citibank raised its prime rate by a quarter-point to7-3/4 pct, the first change in the rate since last August, thedollar started to advance and reached a high in Tokyo of 147.50yen, up two yen from Tuesday's New York low.    By contrast, monetary authorities spearheaded by the Bankof Japan are estimated to have bought as much as 10 billiondlrs in the last 10 days of March but could not prevent thedollar from skidding through 150 yen and plumbing a 40-year lowMonday of 144.70 yen. Some experts worry the central banks havelost more than just a temporary battle to prop up the dollar.The market is wary of being caught wrong-footed by a centralbank foray, but is no longer mesmerized.    "They've lost their credibility. The market feels it cantake on the central banks and win," said Michael Snow, head oftreasury operations at Union Bank of Switzerland in New York.    The relative failure of recent intervention stands in sharpcontrast to the success that central banks scored when theyjoined forces to drive the dollar down following the September22, 1985, Plaza accord.    Then, however, central banks had an easy time of it,because the markets and the Treasuries of the major industrialpowers were agreed that the dollar needed to head lower toredress massive worldwide trade imbalances.    Now, there is no such consensus. The market is saying thatthe dollar must fall further because the U.S. trade deficit isshowing little sign of improvement, while Japan is resisting ina bid to protect its export industries.    For its part, the United States is apparently content tolet the dollar fall gradually further and is paying little morethan lip service to the February Paris agreement of the Groupof Five plus Canada to foster stability, dealers say.    Specifically, they said the Fed's dollar-buyingintervention has been half-hearted, designed more as apolitical gesture to Japan than to strike fear into themarkets. "It's been pro-forma intervention," said FrancoiseSoares-Kemp, chief corporate trader at Credit Lyonnais.    Because of this discord and the market's momentum for alower dollar, analysts said intervention looks doomed to fail.    "It's going to take a lot more than the central banks tohold the dollar (at these levels)," said Snow, who predictsanother 10 to 15 pct depreciation.    "There have to be structural changes that occur to make themarket stop selling dollars," added "Buying six billion dollarsin three weeks is not going to do it."    Late last decade during the presidency of Jimmy Carter,when the dollar was last under heavy speculative attack,central banks sometimes intervened to the tune of six billiondlrs in a single day but still failed to stop the dollarfalling to a record low of 1.70 marks, analysts said.    Snow said purchases on that scale now are unlikely. "Idon't think anybody has the stomach for it, because they sawthe futility of it in the seventies."    Indeed, because the market has grown in leaps and boundsince then, intervention on an even greater scale wouldprobably be needed to impress the market.    Trading volume in London, New York and Tokyo alone lastyear averaged nearly 188 billion dlrs a day, according to ajoint central bank study, about double the previous estimatemade just two years earlier by the Group of Thirty privateresearch group.    There are signs that central banks, too, realize thefutility of swimming against the tide.    Bank of Japan sources told Reuters in Tokyo earlier thisweek that they believed the limits of currency marketintervention are perhaps being reached and that other methodsfor bolstering the dollar, such as invoking currency swapagreements with other central banks, are being considered.    "In this era of financial liberalization, it's almostimpossible to control the flow of capital in and out of Japan,"one senior official in Tokyo said. Reuter&#3;