Philippines finance minister JaimeOngpin said he was cautiously optimistic an accord on debtrescheduling would be reached with commercial bank creditors,as he prepared for the third week of talks starting Monday.    "One can never be too optimistic, but I'm cautiouslyoptimistic that we can get an agreement....We think we're closeto a deal," Ongpin told Reuters by telephone.    He said he had received a new proposal from the banks lateFriday and had spent the weekend evaluating it with othermembers of the Philippine delegation.    Ongpin declined to disclose details of the banks' new offerand bankers also declined to be specific ahead of their nextmeeting with Ongpin on Monday. But one senior banker said hetoo was guardedly optimistic a deal could be struck, possiblyby the end of the week.    Still at the heart of the talks is Ongpin's offer to paypart of the country's interest bill in Philippine InvestmentNotes, PINs, instead of cash. The bank creditors' advisorycommittee led by Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co rejected theconcept as it was originally drafted, but the counter-proposalmade on Friday contains a revised version, bankers said.    Manila, seeking to reschedule 9.4 billion dlrs of its totaldebt of 27.2 billion, wants to pay the London Interbank OfferedRate (LIBOR) in cash and a margin above LIBOR in PINs.    These dollar-denominated notes would be sold by banks at adiscount to multi-national firms which would then convert themat face value with the central bank, thus receiving subsidizedpesos for use in funding government-approved investments.    Effectively foreign companies would be paying the interestmargin above LIBOR. The Philippines would conserve foreignexchange and enjoy investment inflows, reducing marginally theneed to seek new bank loans.    But the banks rejected the PINs proposal in its originalform, fearing regulatory and accounting problems.    They were also reluctant to veer from the principle thatinterest should be paid in cash not paper, fearing that otherdebtor nations would emulate the idea, bankers said.    Ongpin sweetened his original offer by guaranteeing thathis government would redeem the notes at 7/8 pct over LIBOR ifthere was no buyer in the secondary market.    Last week the banks came under pressure to accept this,when senior U.S. Officials endorsed it as fully consistent withTreasury Secretary James Baker's debt strategy.    But banking sources said that the margin over LIBOR wasstill a sticking point.    After Venezuela clinched a revised rescheduling agreementlast month at 7/8 pct over LIBOR, some New York bankersimediately claimed that 7/8 pct should be seen as a newbenchmark for a debtor that needs no new loans, is current oninterest and is repaying some principal.    The Philippines meets the first two criteria but not thethird. REUTER&#3;