Latest Federal Reserve data suggestthat the U.S. banking system is flush with reserves going intoa period of traditional tightness and that overall monetarypolicy is on hold, economists said.    "There is ample liquidity.... The Fed is not going to shiftgears at the present time or for at least another month," saidMaria Ramirez of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.    "Technical and seasonal considerations aside, there isnothing for the (credit) market to get excited about," addedRobert di Clemente of Salomon Brothers Inc.    Adjusted bank borrowings from the Fed's discount windowaveraged only 228 mln dlrs a day in the first week of the bankstatement period ending next Wednesday, compared with 233 mlnand 451 mln in the first weeks of the previous two periods.    Another sign of abundant liquidity was the upward revisionin banks' net free reserves in the two-week period to March 11to a daily average of 759 mln dlrs from an estimated 660 mln.    Finally, a Fed spokesman told a press briefing that the 14money center banks were absent from the Fed's discount windowfor the third week running, with the latest week's borrowingsplit between the large regional and the smaller banks.    While modest open market intervention was apparently enoughto defuse any funding pressures in the first week of the lateststatement period, economists predicted that the Fed would haveto be more aggressive in coming weeks.    The Fed injected temporary reserves directly and indirectlyon four of the five trading days via system and customerrepurchase agreements.    "Fed funds will be coming under relatively intensepressure," said Salomon's di Clemente, noting the approachingmonth- and quarter-end and the round of holidays and tax datesin April.    "The Fed is faced with a large seasonal addingrequirement," said Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch and Co Inc,who expects a permanent bill purchase next week and a couponpurchase in early April.    Economists were also heartened by further signs of adeceleration in money supply growth, not only in the largelydiscredited M-1 gauge but also in the more closely watched M-2and M-3 aggregates.    M-1 grew a mere 500 mln dlrs in the week to March nine,compared with private forecasts of a 2.3 mln dlr rise. WeeklyM-2 and M-3 components also hinted at slower overall growth.    "The M-1 increase was surprisingly modest and I suspect weare on our way to another moderate set of M-2 and M-3 figuresfor March," said Salomon's di Clemente. Merrill's McCarthy saidthey could even come in below the bottom of their respectivetarget ranges.    In February, M-2 was 18.2 billion dlrs below its upperlimit and M-3 was 20.8 billion beneath.    Noting Fed Vice Chairman Johnson's encouraging remarks oninflation today and recent interest rate cuts overseas, someeconomists suggested this slowing in monetary growth could lendsupport to calls for further accommodation here.    "Our belief is that we could still get a move downwards inrates before anything else," said Salomon's di Clemente, addingthat the key swing factor will continue to be the strength ofthe U.S. economy.    Jeffrey Leeds of Chemical Bank agreed that the economy'shealth would remain the main influence on policy but, contraryto di Clemente, he said that recent signs of faster growth andinflation could lead to higher rates first.    Drexel's Ramirez did not commit herself either way, addingthat the next major move may have to wait until April 14 whenFebruary's U.S. trade data are due for release. Reuter&#3;