A federal judge heard arguments thatManville Corp's chapter 11 reorganization plan, which wasconfirmed in December, should be thrown out.    During a four-and-a-half hour hearing, U.S. District JudgeWhitman Knapp heard arguments in five different appeals.Whitman took the issues under advisement and will rule at alater date.    Key challenges were made by a group of Manvilleshareholders, who claim they were not adequately representedduring the bankruptcy proceedings and that a 2.5 billion dlrfund to pay victims of asbestos is overfunded.       Another challenge came from a group of asbestos victims whoclaimed the trust fund was underfunded.    Today, Manville lawyers said there have been about 54,000claims filed by those injured by asbestos.    The reorganization plan also sets up a trust fund, withinitial funding of 125 mln dlrs, to pay for property damageclaims. Additional funds will be available if needed. Manvillesaid there are currently 9,500 property damage claims filed.    Manville filed for bankruptcy in 1982 and itsreorganization plan was approved by all parties except thecommon stockholders.       The stockholders objected to the proposal because it wouldgreatly dilute the value of their holdings. The plan would havethe effect of converting every eight shares of common stockinto just one share.    Manville lawyers today criticized shareholder groups forfurther delaying the execution of the bankruptcy plan. HerbertEdelman, one of Manville's lawyers, pointed out that manythousands of victims and creditors were still awaiting paymentsand that many victims had already died.    He also pointed out that the bankruptcy court had foundManville to be insolvent.    "They (shareholders) want the plan put aside to get thatnebulous value that may be down the road," Edelman said.    Common shareholders claim they were not adequatelyrepresented because U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton Liflandrefused requests to divide the equity holders committee intotwo separate groups, one repesenting common shareholders andthe other preferred stock shareholders.    During confirmation hearings of the plan, the equitycommittee's lawyer George Hahn walked out of the hearing,saying he could not represent both groups.    The equity holders committee was then abolished.       An unofficial committee representing 10 pct of thecompany's stock was present at the confirmation hearings.However, lawyers for that committee did not present evidence orcross examine witnesses.    During today's hearing Paul Gonson, a Washington lawyerrepresenting the Securities and Exchange Commission, told JudgeKnapp that the agency was also concerned that the shareholdersdid not have adequate representation.    Knapp said the unofficial committee was represented by theNew York law firm of Kronish, Lieb, Weiner and Hellman. "Theyhave one of the best law firms in town," Knapp said. Reuter&#3;