Jefferies Group Inc said founderand chairman Boyd L. Jefferies has resigned and intends toplead guilty to two felony counts of violating federalsecurities laws.    The company said neither Boyd Jefferies nor the companyever engaged in insider trading and neither he nor the companyever sought or communicated insider information or violated nytrust of confidence placed in them by customers.  It said nogovernmental authority has ever alleged any such activity onBoyd Jefferies' part or the part of the company.    The company said Boyd Jefferies has consented to anadministrative order barring him from the securities businessfor at least five years and he has agreed to place his 13 pctholding in Jefferies Group stock in a voting trust during thatperiod.    The company said, without admitting any allegations made bythe Securities and Exchange Commission, Boyd Jefferies,Jefferies Group and primary brokerage subsidiary Jefferies andCo also consented to an injunction barring any futuresecurities laws violations.    It said Jefferies and Co has agreed further to undertakereviews to assure that its internal recordkeeping and othercontrol systems are in compliance with federal laws.    The company said president and chief operating officerFrank E. Baxter will assume the added duties of chief executiveofficer.  Boyd Jefferies had been chief executive.    The company said the criminal charges against Boy Jefferiesresulted from a transaction in which, on behalf of Jefferiesand Co, he agreed to purchase stocks from entities controlledby Ivan F. Boesky and later resell the stock to the Boeskyfirms.    It said "Within days of the purchase, the market value ofone of the stocks fell sharply and, pursuant to theiragreement, a Boesky entity paid Jefferies and Co three mln dlrsto offset the loss.    The company said Boyd Jefferies will admit that followingthe loss he ordered that Boesky receive a bill for three mlndlrs for investment advisory and corporate finance services,although Jefferies and Co treated the three mln dlrs as anoffset to the losses it experienced.    It said by rendering the involice, Boyd Jefferiesapparently enabled one of the Boesky entities to make a falseentry in its books, resulting in the charge, to which BoydJefferies will plead guilty, of aiding and abetting one of theBoesky firms in making false entries on its books.    The company said Boyd Jefferies will also plead guilty to amargin violation resulting from a transaction in which hecaused Jefferies and Co to buy shares at the request of acustomer in the company's trading account.    It was expected that the customer would be responsible forany loss on the shares and would also receive any profit, andbecause the customer had not put up any funds for the purchase,Boyd Jefferies had in effect caused Jefferies and Co to financethe full purchase price for the shares in violation of marginrequirements, the company said.    The company quoted Boyd Jefferies as saying, "I fullyaccept sole responsibility for these transactions.  I think itis appropriate that I suffer the consequences for my actionsrather than the company."    Jefferies Group said it expects no impact on its operationsor client base from Boyd Jefferies' departure. Reuter&#3;