Institutional investors are finding itdifficult to find "the best price" for transactions in U.K.Government bonds (gilts) and have become more active in themarket since the deregulation of the London Stock Exchange inOctober, agency broker Capel-Cure Myers said in a survey.    The survey, covering a broad section of institutionalinvestors, also showed that investors were uneasy about theimpartiality of market makers' advice. Given their concerns,over half those surveyed said they spend more time managingtheir portfolios. At the same time, the investors believed themarket was more liquid and efficient than before Big Bang.    Capel-Cure, a unit of Australia and New Zealand BankingGroup Ltd, conducted the survey during January among 70institutions which are not clients of that firm.    Banks and merchant banks accounted for 32 pct of the total,building societies 30 pct, life assurance companies 20 pct,insurance companies 11 pct and pension funds seven pct.    The survey found that with the virtual elimination ofcommissions, the improved market liquidity has encouragedinvestors to deal more frequently in the market. Of thoseresponding, 70 pct were encouraged to deal more actively, 25pct which saw no change and five pct dealt less actively.    A Capel-Cure official told reporters the elimination ofcommissions has made the market more competitive.    He said Capel-Cure has deliberately set low commisstionsbecause of this.    Nearly half the respondents said they now have their owndealing team to cope with the new market, although thedefinition of a "dealing team" was ambiguous, the survey said.    Rather than being a self-contained, specialised group ofdealers who spend all their time searching for prices, thedefinition now appears to be the less formal idea of amulti-purpose fund manager, it said.    The survey supported the general view in the gilt marketthat a shake-out of the 27 market-makers is likely.    It showed nearly 90 pct of the respondents believed thatthe total number of market makers in three years time would beless than 20, while 46 pct thought the number would be lessthan 15.    Some 79 pct of respondents said they expect the number ofagency brokers (for which there was no estimate) to fall overthe next three years. Unlike broker/dealers, agency brokers donot take positions in the market, but the survey showed 68 pctof respondents did not consider this very important whendeciding whether to use one. REUTER&#3;