While world exchanges revel in acontinuing securities boom, the Dutch stockmarket remainslacklustre despite a series of largely positive annualcorporate results and signs of a more stable dollar, analystssaid.    Prices and turnover on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange havesprung back from lows reached when the dollar dipped below thetwo guilder mark in January. But market analysts say only lowerinterest rates or a further rise in the dollar, now trading ataround 2.09 guilders, could keep the momentum going.    "Between end-1982 and end-1986 Dutch stocks rose by around150 pct, but the dollar's sharp fall last year put the brake onthe bull market," said Philip Menco, analyst with bank CLN Oyensen van Eeghen.    The dollar's current level compares with an average in 1986of 2.45 guilders, and 3.35 in 1985, official figures show.    But Arjen Los, analyst with Dutch merchant bank Pierson,Heldring en Pierson, sees room for some optimism,   "The market is exaggerating the whole dollar affair. We'veseen the bottom of its decline. But what is lacking is astimulus on the interest rate front," he said.    Analysts said they expected little impact from provincialelections on Wednesday as the government's position was secure.    "The scope for price rises in Dutch shares is narrow, giventhe limited room for lower interest rates," said Los, adding theDutch market can currently only dream of returns of around 15pct seen in rising markets elsewhere in Europe.    "When the dollar slumped in the second half of 1986, U.S.And U.K investors were heavy sellers of Dutch stock. They madean enormous currency gain," Menco said.    Finance Ministry figures show foreign investment in Dutchstock last year fell by nearly half to 4.2 billion guilders.    Los envisaged no significant revival of foreign interest inthe Dutch market. He saw the large, liquid Dutch pension fundspursuing a more aggressive portfolio management policy whilecontinuing to invest in markets with weaker currencies.    Outflows of non-bank Dutch capital totalled a record 21.4billion guilders last year, 12.3 billion of which stemmed fromsecurities transactions.    "Dutch institutions have been rallying to buoyant foreignmarkets, but this season's results could coax some of them backto the relatively underpriced Dutch market," Koos Ten Have ofStaal Bankiers said.    Ten Have said Dutch price/earnings ratios based onforecasts of 1987 results were broadly unchanged compared with1986. With an average ratio of 10, they were still attractivelylower than shares of other exchanges, he added.    He said the reliability of the strong guilder was a furtherfactor favouring Dutch stock investments.    Senior bank economists said this week's official economicforecast by the CPB planning agency painted a gloomy picture ofthe Dutch economy but this would not shake investor confidencein the Dutch business sector. The Dutch economy was doingrelatively well compared with other nations, they added.    Analysts say most companies have fulfilled expectations,while some firms, particularly in food and publishing,surprised the market with continued solid profit growth despitemajor dollar and sterling investments.    Unexpectedly positive results from companies like UnileverPlc-NV &lt;UN.AS>, NV Philips Gloeilampenfabrieken &lt;PGLO.AS> andHeineken NV &lt;HEIN.AS> were balanced by poor performances by thethree banks, which achieved higher profits partly by reducingtheir risk provisions. Analysts still have doubts about theinsurance sector, and many companies stressed the negativeimpact of lower currencies on their guilder earnings in 1986.    Food and publishing are seen as major growth areas, despitethe fact many of these companies have significant activities inthe U.K and U.S.    Food chain Ahold NV &lt;AHLN.AS> reported an 8.1 pct increasein net 1986 profit but said it did not see profits growing in1987 due to the uncertainty of the dollar.    Turnover declined by 5.7 pct to 11.4 billion guilders.About 1.5 billion guilders of this decline was due to the lowerdollar and one third of turnover volume was achieved in theU.S.    "Ahold is too cautious over the dollar," Los said. "As long assuch companies continue to maintain their U.S. Activities andfund their expansion there, the negative influence is purely anaccounting effect."    Koninklijke Wessanen NV &lt;WESS.AS> and Heineken also managedhandsome profit increases of 16.6 and 7.5 pct respectively,while blaming disappointing turnover in their substantialoverseas activities on the lower dollar.    Initial publishing results indicate a bumper year forshares in this sector and ensure firm interest despite higherprice/earnings ratios, ranging from 12 to 14. REUTER&#3;