Trade Representative Clayton Yeuttersaid on Monday that the U.S. free trade agreements with Canadaand Israel should help to pave the way for liberalizing theglobal trading system.    He said the Canadian and Israeli pacts will not set backworldwide reform efforts under the General Agreement on Tariffsand Trade (GATT) as some critics feared but help them.    The GATT talks began a year ago in Punta del Este, Uruguayto liberalize the global trading system and to include in ittrade in agriculture and services such as banking.    Yeutter made his remarks at a U.S.-Israeli trade meetingmarking the second year of their bilateral accord. TheCanadian-U.S. pact, signed by two sides two weeks ago, has yetbeen approved by the U.S. Congress and Canadian Parliament.    The two free trade agreements (FTA) would gradually removetariffs and other barriers to cross-border trade in goods andmany services.    Yeutter said in the aftermath of the Canadian and Israelipacts "other countries have realized that if they want tocontinue to have access to the world's largest market, they hadbetter get serious about improving the GATT."    The pact with Israel, he said, is gradually increasingshipments both ways and the Canadian pact will substantiallyincrease the gross national products in both countries.    Yeutter also said the Canadian and Israeli pacts shouldserve as important precedents for progress in GATT.    Yeutter said, "increasing trade is one of the keys toenhanced political and economic stability around the globe."    He said, "a stronger GATT will enhance prosperity, not onlyfor advanced industrial nations, but also for other countriesthat need to increase trade in order to better their standardsof living."    Yeutter added it was important not to risk the progressmade in the Israeli and Canadian trade pacts by resorting toprotectionism.    He was referring to trade legislation pending in Congressthat would force the United States to take retaliatory actionsagainst nations with large trade surpluses with the UnitedStates if the countries practiced unfair trade.    The legislation was prompted by a growing U.S. tradedeficit that hit 156 billion dlrs last year and is stillrising.    Yeutter said the pressures for Congress to act were hard toresist, but the pending legislation would undermine PresidentReagan's efforts to liberalize the world trade.    Yeutter renewed the threat of a White House veto.    He said, "President Reagan will veto any bill that containsserious flaws, and I believe that veto would be sustained." Reuter&#3;