President Alan Garcia said he sought todeepen Peru's hard-line foreign debt stance, possibly bylimiting repayments to the World Bank.    In a televised address tonight, he criticised the WorldBank for making Peru make larger debt payments than the amountthe bank is willing to make in new loans. "We will deepen ourpolicy on the foreign debt," he said.    Peru has limited foreign debt repayments to 10 pct ofexport earnings, effectively suspending most remittances dueforeign private banks and many governments. It has generallybeen current for most of Garcia's 20 months in office onpayments to the World Bank and the Inter-American DevelopmentBank.    But tonight Garcia said: "We have met our aim of limitingthe payment of the debt and will limit it also even thoughorganisations like the World Bank have credits which oblige usto buy a certain type of machinery and to build certain typesof public works and not others, and to pay much more in dollarsthan that which they are willing to newly lend us."    The Economy Ministry said last year it owed the World Bankabout 520 mln dlrs in loans out of the country's 14 billion dlrdebt.    Garcia said his government had been a model for LatinAmerica because Peru had enjoyed growth in gross domesticproduct (GDP) last year of nine pct while taking its hard lineon debt. He said GDP would grow by at least six pct this year.    He announced an immediate 40 pct rise in the minimum wageto 1,260 intis per month, benefiting the 1.3 mln minimum-wageworkers out of a total labour force of 6.7 mln.    Salaries will go up this month by 30 pct for civil servantsand 27 pct for those workers earning above the minimum wage butnot covered by collective bargaining agreements.    He also said the price of petrol, frozen since August 1,1985, would increase by 20 pct from the current 17.5 intis perU.S. Gallon and remain at the new level for the rest of theyear. He did not say when this increase would be effective.    Taxes on petrol are the government's leading revenueearner, traditionally accounting for about one-third of taxes.Sales taxes on autos, liquour and cigarettes would also go up,he said, without specifying the amount.    Garcia announced the government would encourage Peruviansto repatriate their savings deposited abroad by paying a 15 pctpremium above the market exchange rate.    The inti's official buy-sell rate against the dollar is14.85/92 and the free rate is about 21.70/80.    To encourage private investment, he said the governmentwould set up a special fund with which it would match every twointis of private investment with one inti from the government.    He also said his dismissal of Peruvian Air Force CommanderLieutenant General Luis Abram Cavarellino yesterdaystrengthened the democratic authority of his government. REUTER&#3;