The 350 mln Ecu three-year package ofsocial and structural measures agreed early today by EuropeanCommunity farm ministers features a plan to compensate farmersfor reducing output of certain surplus products, EC Commissionsources said.    The ministers agreed that under this "extensification"scheme, farmers would qualify for compensation if they cutoutput of specific products by at least 20 pct.    The plan would initially apply to cereals, beef, veal andwine, they added.    Cereals farmers would have to achieve their output cuts byreducing acreage, while cattle farmers would reduce theirnumber of head and vinegrowers would cut yield. In each case,farmers would have to undertake not to step up their capacityfor output of other products which are in surplus in the EC.    The sources said payment levels have not yet been fixed butwill be designed to compensate farmers for loss of profit onthe production they forego.    The sources said the package also contains provisions forpayments to farmers who embark on a program aimed at protectingor improving the environment.    It would also mean compensatory allowances in less favouredfarming areas would be extended to crops. At present suchallowances are available only for livestock.    The package would provide 20 mln Ecus for research intoalternative farming techniques, the sources added.    At a news conference EC Farm Commissioner Frans Andriessensaid the Commission is also working on proposals to enable theEC and member states to provide direct income supports forrelatively poor farmers.    Andriessen did not give full details, but said member stateaid would be subject to "strict criteria to avoid distortion ofcompetition."    EC payments would aim to help farmers to survive adifficult period while the EC tackles the problems of surplusproduction.    The Commission withdrew from the package agreed last nightproposals to pay "early retirement" pensions to farmers aged 55or over who gave up production. Those who took their landcompletely out of farm production, rather than passing it on totheir heirs, would have received more generous payments.    Andriessen said the Commission plans to present revisedproposals along these lines in an effort to get a schemeagreed. Reuter&#3;