The U.S. economy is facing severalserious problems which threaten its continued expansion,according to a Congressional report released today.    The report by the Democratic majority of the CongressionalJoint Economic Committee said the outlook was for sluggishgrowth in the U.S. and the rest of the world for the nearfuture.    Committee Republicans released a separate, more optimisticreport predicting continued stable growth with low inflation.    Democrats have a 12 to eight majority on the committee,which is made up of 10 Senators and 10 Representatives.    "The annual report of the committee surveys a 3.7 trilliondlr economy whose tranquil appearance obscures the dangersignals that lie just below the surface," Committee chairmanSen. Paul Sarbanes said in a statement.    "A close inspection of the economy reveals that the currentrecovery, while long, is fragile, and we are skating on thinice," the Maryland Democrat said.    He said the danger signals included a decline ininvestment, increased demand for borrowing which was strainingthe financial system, a possible increase in inflation fueledby higher oil prices and the depressed condition of thenation's farmers.    Republicans said most private economists saw no likelihoodof a recession and were predicting a growth rate of aroundthree pct for this year and next, similar to Administrationforecasts.    "The economy appears to be on a path of stable growth. We'recomfortable with the current low rate of inflation, hopefulthat interest rates will continue to decline, optimistic thatemployment opportunities will continue to improve and confidentin this nation's resilient, innovative and diversified economy,"the Republican report said.    "The greatest economic challenge facing the 100th Congressis reducing the federal deficit," the Republicans added.    Democrats said the budget deficit should be reduced butalso wanted the government to spend more on education, jobtraining, research and development and health care.    They said pressures on the dollar might make it difficultfor the Federal Reserve to use monetary policy to stimulate theeconomy if this becomes necessary.    "There is now substantial concern about the inflationaryeffects of a declining dollar and the buildup of monetarypressure arising from the recent rapid growth in the moneysupply," the Democrat report said.    "At the same time, the increased reliance on foreign sourcesof capital in American investment markets means that theFederal Reserve can no longer be as aggressive as in the pastin lowering interest rates and driving the dollar down."    "Taken together, the outlook for fiscal and monetary policyis thus not very encouraging," the Democrats said.    The Democrats called on the Administration to be moreaggressive in removing foreign trade barriers and in seekingnew initiatives to solve the international debt problem.    The Democrats said much of the U.S. trade deficit had beencaused by misalignment of the world's currencies, especiallythe overvaluation of the dollar that began in 1982.    Both Democrats and Republicans called for policies toincrease American productivity including incentives for savingand investment in plant and equipment and development of abetter educated work force. Reuter&#3;