Domestic demand is now expected to makeno contribution to Australian economic growth in fiscal1986/87, ending June 30, while net exports will account for allof the overall increase, Treasurer Paul Keating said here.    However, he did not say in his speech to the EconomicPlanning Advisory Council (EPAC) if the forecast 2.25 pct risein gross domestic product (gdp) had been revised.    But Keating said domestic demand could fall slightly thisfinancial year and net export growth will provide the totalsource of gdp growth.    The August budget had forecast domestic demand wouldcontribute 0.75 percentage points to non-farm gdp growth of 2.5pct while net exports would account for 1.75 points.    Keating said the overall impact of the changed economicparameters is welcome as it appears to have contributed to aslightly more rapid correction in the current account deficitthan first anticipated.    "The government initially forecast a current account deficitfor 1986/87 of 14.75 billion -- our present expectation is thatthe result will be somewhat lower, around 14 billion," he said.    Partial indicators released since the last meeting of EPACin December indicate that the 1986/87 budget strategy isbroadly on track, Keating said.    "They indicate that domestic demand has been a little moresluggish than was expected at budget time," he said.    "On the other hand, net exports seem to be expanding by morethan expected at budget time, and this is underpinning growthin domestic production and employment."    Keating said it now seems likely that the 1986/87 inflationrate will exceed the budget forecast of eight pct.    "Nevertheless, there is likely to be a marked slowing ininflation over coming quarters as depreciation and budgetaryeffects wane," he said.    Keating said the government expects economic growth to pickup moderately in 1987/88 due to a further significant rise innet exports and a very moderate but positive contribution fromprivate domestic demand.    He said domestic demand growth will be due to astrengthening in real household disposable income.    The moderate rise in economic growth next financial yearshould be sufficient to sustain employment growth at a levelbroadly equivalent to that of the current fiscal year.    "The current account deficit will continue to showimprovement in 1987/88," Keating said.    "As the impact of the exchange rate depreciations of recentyears recede further, and given continued effective wagerestraint, inflation should moderate markedly in 1987/88," hesaid. REUTER&#3;