Wainoco Oil Corp said it is undergoinga recapitalization program with a proposed offering of two mlnunits consisting of common shares and warrants, the plannedredemption of its shareholder value rights, and a change in itscorporate structure that substantially reduces futurer incometaxes.    Wainoco said it had filed a registration statement with theSecurities and Exchange Commission for the offering of the twomln units consisting of two shares of common stock and onewarrrant per unit for a total of four mln shares of commonstock and two mln warrants.    Included in the two mln units to be offered are 280,000shares of common stock to be sold by &lt;Waverly Oil Co>, a selling shareholder of Wainoco, it said.    Proceeds of the offering will be used to reduce bank debt,the company said. It said its outstanding 10-3/4 pctsubordinated debentures may be used at face value to pay theexercise price of the warrants.    Wainoco said the offering will be underwritten by  E.F.Hutton and Co Inc, Kidder Peabody and Co Inc, and Smith Barneyharris Upham Inc.    Simultaneous with the offering, Wainoco said it intends toredeem its shareholder value rights attached to each commonshare at 10 cts per right. Wainoco said without redemption ofthe value rights, the company would not have sufficientauthorized and unissued shares of common stock to complete theunits offering.    Due to certain covenants under the company's 10-3/4 pctsubordinated debentures, the value rights redemption iscontingent upon the success of the units offering, it said.    Wainoco's said its shareholders purchase rights distributedto the shareholders in June 1986 are unaffected and remainvalid.    It said as a result of the liquidation of its Canadiansubsidiary into the parent company, it will be able to offsetall of its corporate overhead expenses and some of itsdebenture interests against Canadian income for tax purposes.    Wainoco said its pool of future Canadian tax deductions hasbeen increased by an amount which should generate savings thatwill exceed existing deferred income tax liability.    Existing U.S. tax loss carryforward benefits in the U.S.are not materially affected, the company said. It added thiswill considerably reduce future income taxes in Canada and addto Wainoco's net income and cash flow for a number of years.    John Ashmun, chairman of Wainoco, said "as a result of thisrecapitalization, Wainoco will be in a strong financialposition.    "Our net income and cash flow will benefit from lowerinterest expense, lower Canadian taxes, and the considerablesavings achieved over the past few years from cost reductions,"he said.    Ashmun said the company will be able to "utilize enhancedcash flow to develop its large resource base and explore foradditional reserves at a time when exploration and developmentcosts are low and opportunities abound rather than using adisproportiaonate share of cash flow for debt service." Reuter&#3;