Steel stocks, which have had a healthyrunup recently, still present some short term investmentopportunities, according to some steel analysts.    But others say the upturn, based on strong orders and firmprices this spring, has been strictly seasonal and will endsoon. They recommend taking profits.    "It's that time of year. This is strictly seasonal," saidCharles Bradford of Merrill Lynch and Co. "Orders will bestrong for about two months, and there are signs that some(order rates) are starting to dive already."    But Dean Witter Reynolds Inc analyst Clarence Morrison seessome short-term potential in the group, which includes USX Corp&lt;X>, Bethlehem Steel Corp &lt;BS>, Armco Inc &lt;AS> and Inland SteelIndustries Inc &lt;IAD>.    "There is still some attractiveness to steels over theshort- to intermediate-term based on improved order rates andrising prices," Morrison said. He only recommends one stock,however, Inland, which is modernizing steelmaking operations tomake them more efficient.    Despite his bearishness, Merrill's Bradford continues torecommend Armco, which he sees as a major turnaround.    Armco's steelmaking operations are profitable, the balancesheet has been improved, and its oilfield equipment businesshas been slimmed and put in a joint venture with USX, Bradfordnoted. "It's not a high-quality investment situation yet butthey've come a long way," he said.    "We think the stock will do moderately better than themarket," he said. Armco shares, trading off 1/4 at 10 today,could go to 12, and possibly as high as 15, he said.    Bradford sees Armco earning 50 to 75 cts a share in 1987,before special gains from recouped investment tax credits,against losses last year.    Armco's 1988 earnings could be significantly higher, hesaid.    Bradford is recommending sale of USX shares. "We had a buyon it below 20 but when it gets to 28, let somebody else haveit," he said.    The steel and energy concern will earn about one dlr ashare in 1987, about half of that coming from asset sales, andfrom two dlrs to 2.50 dlrs in 1988, Bradford said. "But a lotdepends on oil prices," he added. About 60 pct of USX's salescome from oil and natural gas.    Other analysts, including Michelle Galanter Applebaum ofSalomon Brothers Inc, recommend USX. "The company's done a lot(of restructuring), more than the market's given them creditfor," she said.    She sees the stock going to the mid 30s or higher. USX wastrading up 1/8 at 28-1/2. She predicts USX will earn 18 cts ashare this year and 2.73 dlrs next year against large losses in1986.    Applebaum, who is also positive on Armco and Inland, hasbeen recommending the stocks since last November.    Peter Marcus of Painewebber Inc is neutral on the groupalthough he said the earnings outlook is improved through thethird quarter.    But he sees potential trouble beyond then. "I think (steel)prices on a bookings basis will start to drop by the summer,"he said.    Applebaum of Salomon Brothers also sees some seasonaldropoff later in the year. "But there are more positives thannegatives," she said, citing reduced capacity in the domesticindustry, better prices, and a weaker dollar, which shouldcause steel imports to drop off slightly from last year. Reuter&#3;