Britain's corporate affairs minister leftfor Tokyo saying he planned to present Japanese authoritieswith a timetable for obtaining fair market access for hiscountry's goods and financial services.    "I should be expecting a positive response to thattimetable," the minister, Michael Howard, said.    He said the response was expected by next month, butreiterated his belief that Britain would not have to invoke anew law allowing a ban on Japan's banks and insurance firmsfrom trading in London if it failed to reciprocate in Tokyo.    "I don't think that talk of a trade war is justified in anyevent ... I think the Japanese are going to realize that it'simportant that access should be available."    The Conservative British government decided on Thursday tobring forward legislation allowing the possible imposition of aban against foreign countries failing to allow reciprocalmarket access. It is due to take effect in three weeks.    Twenty-nine Japanese banks, nine insurance companies and 58securities houses currently operate in London, while only fiveBritish banks and eight securities firms are licensed in Japan.    "We are sure reasonable men will come to a reasonablesolution," said a spokesman for &lt;Nomura International>, thebiggest of the Japanese securities firms in London which couldbe targetted.    The government decided to rush provisions of the FinancialServices Act into effect largely in response to the failure ofCable and Wireless &lt;CAWL.L> to gain what it considers asatisfactory stake in one of two consortia seeking to competein Japan's international telephone business.    However, British economists say the use of financialservices countermeasures in the trade dispute would hurtBritain more than Japan.    The British press expressed concern that was Howard wastravelling with counterproductive or irrelevant ammunition.    The Daily Telegraph commented that an unfortunate ministerwas being "despatched to Tokyo armed with a pistol pointing athis own foot." The Financial Times urged Prime Minister MargaretThatcher to avoid provoking a "nasty backlash" from Tokyo.    Japan appeared to be making no concessions ahead ofHoward's trip and Trade and Industry Secretary Paul Channon onFriday sought to dispel some of the growing concern over thedispute.    "We don't want a trade war," he said. "We're not interested intrade wars."     But Channon made plain the government was determined thatBritish firms should have the same opportunites in Japan asJapanese firms have in Britain and wanted a timetable set forthis purpose. REUTER&#3;