The shareholders of IllinoisCooperative Futures Co., the futures trading arm of manyMidwest farm cooperatives for more than 25 years, will voteWednesday on its possible dissolution.    The directors of the company called a special meeting andrecommended its dissolution last month, citing falling volumeand increasing costs.    Sources close to the organization told Reuters the pulloutof Growmark, Inc., which holds more than 70 pct of the capitalstock, led to the call for dissolution.    The possible demise of the cooperative has set clearinghouses scrambling for the trading business of the 85 regionaland local cooperatives that comprise its membership.    Ironically, it was Growmark, at that time a regional farmcooperative with major river terminal elevators, that foundedIllinois Cooperative Futures on December 1, 1960.    But Growmark became affiliated last year with ArcherDaniels Midland of Decatur, Ill., and markets its grain througha joint subsidiary of the two companies, ADM/Growmark.    With that relationship, Growmark no longer needs to tradefutures through the cooperative, said Tom Mulligan, presidentof the co-op.    Membership in the company, which Mulligan termed acooperative of cooperatives, has declined from 99 in 1982. Anotable loss was AgriIndustries of Iowa, which becameaffiliated with Cargill, Inc.    Illinois Co-op's other members include such regionalcooperatives as Indiana Grain, based in Indianapolis, Goldkist,of Atlanta, Ga., Midstates in Toledo, Ohio, Farmland Industriesin Kansas City, Mo., Farmers Commodities, Des Moines, andHarvest States in Minneapolis.    Some observors said the demise of Illinois CooperativeFutures Co. is a serious blow to the cooperative system.    Instead of banding together, the individual cooperativesare forced to go their own ways, said the floor manager of onecash house at the Chicago Board of Trade.    Such a move would destroy the cohesiveness that gives farmcooperatives an advantage in the market at a time that a fewmajor commercial companies are growing dominant, he said.    Don Hanes, vice president for communications with theNational Council of Farm Cooperatives, said 5,600 cooperativesexist today, down from 6,700 five years ago.    "The period we've gone through in the past five years hasbeen quite a crunch," he said. "There's been a lot ofconsolidation in the marketing co-ops."    One problem, he said, is the co-ops sell the grain to themajor commercials for export, rather than exporting itthemselves, losing potential profits.    But exporting grain requires heavy investments, and themulti-million-dollar loss posted six years ago by FarmersExport Co., a co-op set up to export grains, served "to makefolks gun-shy," Hanes said.    Mulligan said he believes the dissolution, if it isapproved, is a result of change in the futures industry ratherthan a change in U.S. agricultural economics.    A grain dealer at one member co-op said the futures arm"was a convenience, something that saved us a little bit ofmoney. (Its dissolution) will force us to change our way ofdoing business."    "We're sorry to see the co-op go by the wayside," he said."But there are lot of people out there to do business with.There are plenty of capable firms."    Steven W. Cavanaugh, vice president for grain marketingwith Indiana Grain, said he would prefer to trade futuresthrough a Chicago-based cooperative.    "In terms of clearing our business as a unit as opposed toindividuals, there would be economic savings," he said butadded, "The times change and with changing times, comedifferent opinions of what businesses ought to be around."    Cavanaugh said the possible demise of the futures arm hadnothing to do with its profitability. "I would guarantee youthat this company is not in trouble. It is a sound, healthyorganization."    In the year ended February 28, 1986, the IllinoisCooperative reported income of 10.2 mln dlrs and members'equity, or net worth, of 8.3 mln dlrs. The annual report forthe most recent year has not been filed.    Under the cooperative system, income from operations isreturned as "patronage refunds" to the members.    Income and refunds in the past five years have beendeclining. In the year ended February 28, 1982, the co-opreported income of 17.4 mln dlrs and patronage refunds of 17.0mln dlrs. Patronage refunds in the year ended February 28,1986, totalled 9.5 mln dlrs.    "You're dealing with substantially lower volume," Mulligansaid. "Lower volume translates into higher costs."    According to the company's 1986 annual report, Growmarkowns 90 pct of the preferred shares and four pct of the commonshares of Illinois Cooperative Futures Co.    Mulligan declined to speculate on how much of the capitalGrowmark is entitled to. He said he could not determine thefigure unless the shareholders decide in favor of dissolution.Equity is distributed according to each member's trading volumeand, as a result, changes from year to year.    However, Mulligan said the company could continue to meetminimum capital requirements to trade futures even if Growmarkpulled out. Reuter&#3;