South Korea will pay about 20 pct more forethylene imported from Japan in the second quarter of the yearbecause increased plastic production in both countries hasboosted demand and tightened supplies, chemical industrysources said.    South Korea has agreed to pay Japanese trading houses justover 400 dlrs C and F per tonne, up from an average of 350 dlrsin the first quarter and throughout 1986, they said.    South Korean demand for imported ethylene this month hasrisen to 17,000 tonnes from 10,000 last month, and the countrymay face difficulties covering the extra volume, they said.    &lt;Korea Petrochemical Industries Corp>, a producer of highdensity polyethylene (HDPE) and polypropylene, will more thandouble its ethylene requirements to 9,000 tonnes a month from4,000 when it completes a plant expansion at the end of thismonth, the sources said.    &lt;Honan Ethylene Corp's> import requirements have risen to8,000 tonnes a month from 6,000 tonnes last year to meet strongdemand from &lt;Honan Petrochemical Co>, which makes HDPE andethylene glycol, and &lt;Hangyang Chemical>, which produceslow-density polyethylene and vinyl chloride monomer, they said.    But Japan's ethylene plants are already operating at almostfull capacity of 4.5 mln tonnes a year just to fulfill domesticdemand, the sources said.    "And even if Japan had the additional ethylene, there is alogistical problem of finding extra appropriate-sized vesselsto ship it to Korea," said one trading house source.    Japanese trading companies are looking to alternativesources to supply South Korea's needs, including Saudi Arabia,Qatar and Mexico, they said.    But long-haul voyages are expensive as the product has tobe shipped at a temperature of minus 103 degrees centigrade tokeep it in a liquid form, they said.    Japan has no plans to invest further in the ethyleneindustry in order to cope with the additional demand, despiterising prices, trading house sources said.    South Korea has two projects in hand which will increaseits ethylene production capacity by 500,000 tonnes a year bythe end of 1989, so the strong demand surge for imports is onlya medium-term trend, they said. REUTER&#3;