Gould Inc said it is introducing a newgeneration of very high performance mini supercomputers forintensive engineering applications.    Called the NPL, the mini supercomputers use Gould's UTX/32operating system, which is a compatible multi-processorextension of the UNIX operating system consisting of completeAT and T System V and Berkeley BSD 4.3 environments, companyofficials said at a teleconference.    "The introduction of the NPL family of mini supercomputers,is by far Gould's most significant computer line developed todate," chairman James McDonald said.    Patrick Rickard, computer systems president, said that heexpects sales of NPL family computers to account for 20 pct ofthe division's revenues for the first year after itsintroduction, and increase to 80 pct of revenues in five years.    Computer operations accounted for one third or about 300mln dlrs of Gould's total revenues for 1986 of 908.8 mln dlrs,a company spokesman said.    The NP1, the first series of the new family, uses an opensystems architecture, including parallel and high speed vectorprocessing and "massive" memory to achieve its supercomputingcapability, Gould officers said.    The NP1 family will form the foundation for new systemswhich are expected to be brought to market through the 1990s,McDonald said.    The computers are expected to have applications in scienceand engineering, in aerospace and defense and extend into otherareas such as medical sciences, Rick Baron, senior director ofmarketing development said.    Gould said it priced and packaged the NP1 at a cost whichwill provide the power and advantages of a traditionalsupercomputer at a fraction of the cost.    The NP1 product line includes several models priced from395,000 dlrs to 2.9 mln dlrs, Gould officials said adding thatthe company has already signed orders for eight NP1 systems.    The low-end NP1 models will be available in the 1987 thirdquarter and the high-end will be available in the 1988 firstquarter, they said.    According to Gould officials, the NP1 cost 50 mln dlrs todevelop and the company plans to spend between 100 to 150 mlnto develop the rest of the family line. Between now and 1995,the company expects to ship two to three billion dlrs of NP1mini supercomputers.    Offering up to 96 mln Whetstone instructions per second and320 mln floating point operations per second, the largest ofthe new systems, Model 480, incorporates up to four billionbytes of physical memory, they said.    The NP1 family has connectability but not compatabilitywith IBM and Xerox computers, a company spokesman said. Reuter&#3;