First City Bancorp of Texas, which losta record 402 mln dlrs in 1986, said in its annual report itexpected operating losses to continue "for the foreseeablefuture" as it continues to search for additional capital or amerger partner.    The Houston-based bank's 1986 financial statements receiveda qualified opinion from its auditors, Arthur Andersen and Co.The auditors said their opinion was subject to First Cityeventually obtaining additional capital.    "The company believes that in order to address itslong-term needs and return to a satisfactory level ofoperations, it will ultimately need several hundred milliondollars of additional capital, or a combination with a morestrongly capitalized entity," First City said in a note to itsfinancial statements included in the annual report.    "Management believes that sufficient resources should beavailable to cover interim capital concerns while additionalcapital is being sought," the bank said.    To raise cash in the near-term, First City said it may sellor mortgage non-strategic assets, recover excess contributionsto its pension plan and obtain special dividends from some ofits member banks.    "The losses for 1987 are expected to be substantially lessthan in 1986," First City chairman J.A. Elkins said in a letterincluded in the annual report. "However, the ultimate return tosatisfactory operating conditions is dependent on thesuccessful resolution of the related problems of creditquality, funding and the eventual need for substantialadditional capital."    First City said it anticipated that certain covenants of acredit agreement with unaffiliated banks requiring most ofFirst City's excess cash to be applied to debt repayments wouldbe modified by the end of the first quarter in order to avoiddefault.    The banks agreed to similar amendments to the covenantslast year and First City has reduced its borrowings from 120mln dlrs at 1986 yearend to 68.5 mln dlrs in recent weeks.    Although the parent company's capital adequacy ratiosexceeded regulatory minimum requirements at the end of 1986,First City said its two largest subsidiaries did not. FirstCity National Bank of Houston had a primary capital ratio of5.34 pct and First City Bank of Dallas had a 4.75 pct ratio.    Hard-hit by the collapse in oil and Texas real estateprices, First City's net loan chargeoffs totaled 366 mln dlrslast year, up from 261 mln dlrs in 1985. The bank more thandoubled its loan loss provision to 497 mln dlrs at the end of1986.    First City said chargeoffs and paydowns reduced its totalenergy loan portfolio by 32 pct during 1986, to 1.4 billiondlrs at year-end, adding that future energy chargeoffs "shouldbe more modest." The amount represented 15 pct of First City'stotal loans.    In real estate, First City said its nonperforming assetsnearly doubled last year to 347 mln dlrs at year-end.Chargeoffs of real estate loans rose to 32 mln dlrs, or ninepct of total loan chargeoffs, and the bank said the amountcould go higher.    "The company still faces uncertainties in the real estatemarket and anticipates further deterioration in the pportfolioso long as the regional recession persists," First City said."Because the carrying value of many of these loans iscollateral dependent, a further decline in the overall value ofthe collateral base could cause an increase in the level ofreal estate-related chargeoffs." Reuter&#3;