British banks are resisting signing a 76billion dlr rescheduling package for Mexico in a last ditcheffort to get all participants to contribute equally to a new7.7 billion dlr loan contained in the package.    Christopher Brougham, regional manager, rescheduling unit,at Lloyds Bank Plc, said in response to a Reuter enquiry, thatthe six major U.K. Clearing banks last week sent a telex toCitibank saying they would contribute what was requestedprovided all other major lenders did the same and that the U.S.Banks contribute at least 90 pct of the amount required bythem.    Other bankers, who declined to be identified, said othergroups of banks particularly those in Switzerland, France andCanada, were equally reluctant to sign, although they had notsent any telex to Citibank, which chairs Mexico's 13-bankadvisory group.    However, they said it was likely that if and when theBritish banks sign the accord, the others are likely to follow.    Under the agreement, for which the signing began on Friday,commercial banks are being asked to contribute 12.9 pct oftheir exposure to Mexico as of August 1982. That was the dateof the first Mexican debt crisis.    After months of haggling, a proposed rescheduling agreementfor Mexico was struck last September during the annual meetingof the World Bank and International Monetary Fund inWashington.    Ever since then the advisory group, of which Lloyds is amember, has been attempting to round up the needed signatories.    However, there has been considerable resistance to thepackage, partly because of some of the clauses it contains andpartly because many small U.S. Regional banks do not want toincrease their exposure to any Latin American countries.    Brougham said, "We (British banks) have always played alongfor Mexico and will do so as long as others share equally."    The decision to send the telexes was agreed on by the sixclearers jointly, but each sent its own telex.    In addition to Lloyds, telexes were sent by NationalWestminster Bank Plc, Barclays Bank Plc, Midland Bank Plc,&#127;tandard Chartered Bank Plc and Royal Bank of Scotland Plc.    Brougham noted that so far the U.S. Banks have only reached83-1/2 pct of the total that is expected from them, while thelevel of contributions from the U.K. Banks is well in excess of90 pct. "The U.S. Figure should be closer to ours," he said.    Many bankers have been angered by the resistance of theregional U.S. Banks, noting that even if they don't contributeto the new loan they still will be receiving interest on theexisting loans.    The banks still have three weeks to sign the agreement andbankers are hoping all will go according to plan.    In the meantime, bankers expect further pressure will beexercised on the regional banks and the major U.S. Banks tofind a solution to the problem. Many have suggested that thelarger U.S. Banks should take on the additional obligations,but so far they have resisted this.    Bankers expect that much of the pressure on the U.S. Bankswill come from U.S. Regulators, notably the Federal Reserve.    Bankers prefer to view the stance taken by the Britishbanks and other national groups as "a matter of principal, andburden sharing" rather than as a "pressure tactic" to force theU.S. Banks to make up their share.    The bankers are not the only ones to be upset by theprotracted negotiations surrounding the agreement.    The Mexicans themselves have been angered by the delays. Atthe signing in New York last Friday, Finance Minister GustavoPetricioli sounded a warning to the recalcitrant banks.    "Those who supported us today can be sure that Mexico willcontinue to be open and willing to share with them the businessopportunities which its future growth will create," Petriciolisaid.    Conversion of bank debt into equity investments in Mexicois one option banks can take advantage of to reduce theirexposure. But Mexico halted its debt for equity program inFebruary in an effort to concentrate on finalising the package.    On Friday, Petricioli said "We will be a lot moreexpeditious in processing the requests of banks that havesupported us."    The pressure on the U.S. Banks comes at a time when othermajor Latin American debtors are in the process of crucial debtnegotiations.    Brazil, the third world's largest debtor, has suspended allinterest payments on its 109 billion dlrs of foreign debt. Manyof the major U.S. Banks, including Citibank, have already saidthey might have to put their Brazil loans on a cash basis andtake the financial losses, which could total billions ofdollars.    This would be required by U.S. Banking regulations if theinterest payments are more than 90 days overdue.    However, the U.S. Banks are not the only ones threatened byregulations. In the U.K., A proposed Inland Revenue rulingwould affect the tax treatment of certain types of loans, manyof which are made to Latin American countries.    Basically, the ruling wants to limit the tax credit a bankcan claim for tax withheld by foreign governments on loaninterest payments.    The British banks are planning to fight the proposals astheir implementation could prove extremely costly, not just interms of compliance but in limiting future business. REUTER&#3;