Senior U.S. Economic officialsdisagree on the likelihood the government can meet its budgetdeficit reduction targets.    Beryl Sprinkel, chairman of the Council of EconomicAdvisers, reiterated the Reagan Administration's opposition toa tax increase and its pledge to reduce the deficit by cuttingspending and fostering economic growth.    By contrast, Rudolph Penner, Director of the CongressionalBudget Office, said the budget process has broken down and thedeficit will remain close to 200 billion dlrs for fiscal 1987.    Sprinkel told a symposium sponsored by New York Universitythat spending could be cut by avoiding decisions based on thedesire to influence votes and by shifting the responsibilityfor local projects to state governments.    He also suggested a line-item veto, which allows thePresident to veto parts of bill without rejecting all of it, tolimit wasteful spending. Spending and taxing decisions shouldbe linked more closely.    Sprinkel said the Administration still looks for 2.7 pctgrowth in U.S. Real gross national product (GNP) in 1987 and3.5 pct in 1988.    Asked if the latest economic reports signal this rate ofeconomic growth is attainable, Sprinkel said, "It looks prettygood to me. We've had two very strong employment reports."    He also said federal reserve policy is appropriate, adding,"It looks like they're on track."    While further reductions are needed in the trade deficit,Sprinkel said the lower dollar is having an impact.    The new 1987 tax laws will not hurt the economy and the taxreform act of 1986 significantly lowers tax rates and willgreatly increase private production incentives, he said.    "Our estimates at the Council of Economic Advisers suggestnational net output of goods and services will permanentlyincrease by approximately two pct because of the long-runconsequences of tax reform," Sprinkel said. "In 1986, this wouldhave amounted to an increase of approximately 600 dlrs in theincome of the average American family."    Sprinkel also argued the 1981 tax cuts were not responsiblefor the large increase in the budget deficit.    In fiscal 1986 ending September, federal spending amountedto 23.8 pct of GNP, while federal receipts absorbed 18.5 pct ofGNP, leaving a deficit of 5.3 pct, he said.    Sprinkel said that, compared with fiscal 1978, the 1986federal expenditure share of GNP is 2.7 percentage pointshigher and the revenue share of GNP is virtually the same.    "Contrary to the conventional wisdom, therefore, the 1981tax cut is not the root cause of the extraordinary budgetdeficits of the past few years," Sprinkel said.    "This tax cut merely rolled back the inflation-induced taxincreases that occurred between 1978 and 1981," he added.    However, the Congressional Budget Office's Rudolph Pennerargued that the tax cut in 1981 was misguided.    "Since making the big mistake in 1981 of cutting taxesenormously without any plan to decrease spending by theAdministration or Congress, indeed with increases in defencespending, now all the options (for reducing the budget deficit)are unpleasant," he said.    Penner said the tax cut resulted from the ideologicalturmoil in the U.S. Caused by the "biggest sustained inflationin our nation's history," which helped foster widespreaddistrust of government.    "The American people turned on the government with taxrevolt at the state level and new demands on the government atthe national level," Penner said.    "But their dislike of taxes exceeded their general dislikeof spending programs. Now the correction of that 1981 mistakedemands that the system change a lot."    Penner sees little hope the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budgetdeficit reduction targets will be met and said the deficit willremain at roughly 200 billion dlrs this year.    He said a budget process that sets targets arbitrarily isnot likely to succeed.    "I feel pretty safe in saying that any process that tries todictate a numerical outcome from above is doomed to fail simplybecause there's no ... Way to enforce it," Penner said.    Penner questioned the methods by which the 1987 budgetdeficit was cut. He said 18 to 19 billion dlrs were eliminatedby one-time measures, such as a temporary increase in taxesrelated to tax reform and sales of government assets.    "Another four billion dlrs was cut by what I call creativetiming changes, like moving the military payday from the lastday of fiscal 1987 to the first day of fiscal 1988. That savedmore than two billion dlrs," Penner said. REUTER&#3;