Healthy growth in corporate profits and inconsumer spending, the two pillars on which Japan rests itshopes of sustained economic growth, both look rotten at thecore, economists polled by Reuters said.    Profits and domestic consumption are meant to replaceexports as the engine of growth. But close ties betweencorporate performance and wages mean that the alternativeeconomic model promises little but slower growth, they said.    Falling profits may lead to falling incomes, which in turnwill cut sales and further reduce profits.    The Bank of Japan said in its latest outlook that improvedterms of trade linked to the strong yen would help domesticdemand grow steadily.    However, this would happen only if household spendingincreased in line with the value of real financial assets dueto stable prices, and/or if corporate investment recovered asprofits from domestic sales improved compared with those fromexports.    "No clear sign of such developments has so far beenevidenced," the central bank said.    Poor business prospects are the reason why economic growthwill be slow, even though Japan's terms of trade have improvedsharply due to the strong yen. Economist David Pike of Phillipsand Drew estimates that in 1986 unit cost prices fell 30 pctwhile output prices fell only eight pct, giving a large pricemargin advantage in the domestic market -- as long as companiesdid not pass that advantage on to the consumer.    Last year's gap of almost 10 percentage points between thefall in the wholesale price index and the slight drop inconsumer prices shows that gains from the improved terms oftrade have been kept as profits by producers and distributors.    The economists, however, believe this layer of fat willprotect companies for only a short while. As more firms seekmore profits at home instead of abroad, already fierce domesticcompetition will increase, fueled by lower-priced imports.Retail prices will fall. Profit margins will suffer.    A December survey by top business organisation Keidanrenconfirms this dim view is taken by the firms themselves.    Of companies polled in the key manufacturing sector, almost80 pct thought the high yen would create a drop in productionvolume and 60 pct predicted a drop in corporate performance,said Keidanren economist Kazuyuki Kinbara.    Main counter-measures cited by the firms include cuttingunprofitable operations, reducing work to sub-contractors(which employ significant numbers of workers), holding downwages, and reducing bonuses. The government has said it fearsunemployment could soon double from three pct now.    Unemployment and slow wage growth will obviously hurtsales. But reduced bonuses, and worries about individualfinancial security could be even more damaging.    Twice a year, bonuses provide wage earners with whatamounts to an enforced lump sum in savings, encouraging them tobuy large consumer products and sparking a sales bonanza.    To save funds, some big firms have begun a form of tiedbonus, forcing employees to spend it on the firm's own goods.    Economists also predict Japanese will not save less thanthe average 16 pct of salary they do now. On the contrary, apoor outlook and lower disposable income could strengthen theresolve to put money aside for old age and illness, education,and housing -- the main drains on the working man's salary.    The last government survey of public opinion said over 80pct of citizens will continue to economise. Japan has a rapidlyageing population and minimal social security and its workersfear poverty in their old age.    Faced with such a vicious circle, the government'sreflationary strategies are severely limited.    The commitment by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party andFinance Ministry to cut the state debt has resulted in smallsupplementary budgets and attempts to provide fiscal incentivewithout reducing revenue. Independent economists have been lessthan excited at the results.    Provision for monetary stimulus is similarly limited.    The 2.5 pct discount rate is so low it is politicallyimpossible to cut it further, with the basic bank savings rateat only 0.25 pct, Bank of Tokyo economist Haruo Muto said.    Almost 60 pct of Japanese still hold their savings in somekind of deposit, official figures show.    Moves to directly inject liquidity are unproductive whilefirms are planning cuts in capital investment.    The central bank is well aware that soaring stock and landprices are the only current results of high liquidity.    Fear of inflation also limits policy options. Politicalanalysts ascribe Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's 1986 bigelection victory largely to a long period of almost zero priceinflation. And he found this year that attempts to impose asales tax to offset tax cuts arouses fierce voter opposition. REUTER&#3;