The Finance Ministry is putting thefinishing touches on a roughly 2,000 billion yen supplementarybudget for 1987/88 and has started to turn its attention tonext year's main budget, ministry officials said.    The supplementary budget is designed to help finance the6,000 billion yen emergency economic package the governmentunveiled last month to boost domestic demand.    Ministry officials said the government would issue about1,300 billion yen in construction bonds to help pay for theincreased public investment set out in the emergency package.    The rest of the supplementary budget will be financed by450 billion yen in proceeds from last year's sale of shares inNippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp (NTT) and by higher thanexpected 1986/87 tax revenues, officials said.    One official said the carry-over of tax revenues into the1987/88 fiscal year that began on April 1 might be more than1,000 billion yen. Soaring land and share prices have boostedreceipts, especially from securities and land taxes.    With less than half of the carry-over likely to be used inthe current supplementary budget, the rest will be availablefor a second supplementary budget expected later this year.    The second supplementary budget will be used to finance thegovernment's wage bill, which will not be known until afterwage talks later this year, one official said.    The government must also finance the tax cut of more than1,000 billion yen which it promised in its emergency packagebut which will not be contained in the first supplementarybudget, due to be presented to parliament next month.    The Finance Ministry's budget bureau is hoping the taxcarry-over and higher than expected revenues again this yearwill be enough to finance the second supplementary budget, hesaid.    Officials said the Finance Ministry does not want to issuedeficit-financing bonds or use the extra proceeds from thisyear's NTT share sale to fund the second supplementary budget.    Besides the first supplementary budget, the government alsointends to introduce a new tax reform bill to parliament duringthe upcoming extraordinary session, officials said.    The government was forced to abandon its first tax reformbill due to strong opposition to its plan to introduce a fivepct sales tax.    The sales tax was designed to help finance cuts inindividual and corporate income taxes.    The new bill will present the 1,000 billion yen-plus taxcut contained in the emergency package as the first step to anoverhaul of the country's tax system, officials said.    It will also contain a controversial plan to phase out taxbreaks on savings, although it may not take effect in Octoberas originally planned, they said.    Looking ahead to next year's main budget, the FinanceMinistry is beginning to debate whether to abandon itsso-called minus ceiling for public investment.    That policy calls on government departments to cut publicinvestment spending by five pct per year.    Economic Planning Minister Tetsuo Kondo said recently thepolicy would be suspended in 1988/89, pending a recommendationfrom the government's administrative reform council.    The ruling Liberal Democratic Party said in April thatbudget request guidelines for invesment expenditures would bereviewed.    But some officials at the Finance Ministry's budget bureausaid they were hopeful the policy would be retained.    They fear that a suspension of the guidelines for publicinvestment could lead to increased pressure on the governmentto loosen its grip on current expenditures as well.    The account would also extend interest-free loans toprofitable public works projects developed in conjunction withthe private sector, the officials said.    In this way, the Finance Ministry could meet growingpressure on it to boost capital spending while maintaining atight grip on outlays by other government departments.    Surplus funds from this year's sale of NTT shares couldtotal about 3,000 billion yen. Based on the current marketprice, the planned sale of 1.95 mln shares would raise morethan 5,000 billion yen, compared to about 2,000 billion plannedfor in the main 1987/88 budget. REUTER&#3;