The Reagan administration is expected toface tough resistance from Japan and from some entrenched U.S.interests, if it hopes to succeed in forcing Japan to end beefand citrus import controls by April, 1988, U.S. and Japaneseofficials said.    Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng and Trade RepresentativeClayton Yeutter took a hardline stance on beef and citrus intalks here last week, insisting that the quotas be abandoned byApril, 1988.    But that stance will be difficult to maintain because Japanwill resist the pressure fiercely and because some U.S.suppliers of those commodities have an interest in maintainingthe quotas, U.S. and Japanese officials told Reuters.    Twice in the past, the United States has negotiated withJapan on beef and citrus import quotas -- during the Tokyoround of multilateral trade negotiations in 1978, and inbilateral talks in 1984.    Each time the U.S. demanded an end to the quotas at theoutset but ultimately accepted substantial increases instead.The current agreement calls for an increase in high qualitybeef imports to 58,400 tonnes in fiscal 1987, oranges to126,000 tonnes and orange juice to 8,500 tonnes.    Lyng has said repeatedly that this time the United Stateswill not settle for simple increases in the quotas. Japan hasbeen given plenty of time to reform its agricultural supportsystem and the quotas must be scrapped, Lyng said.    Japanese officials want to begin informal talks on beef andcitrus in August or September in Hawaii, sources said.    If the U.S. intends to press its tough stance, and Japan,as expected rejects the demands, the issue may then be put tothe General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade for settlement,which would mean prolonging the friction beyond the April, 1988deadline set by the U.S., officials said.    In interviews here, Japanese officials insist that on beefthey will not liberalize imports, regardless of the U.S.pressure, because the Japanese beef industry is not competitiveand would be damaged by freer trade.    Most Japanese beef production still tends to be on smallfarms which Japanese officials said must be protected fromcheap imports by use of the quota system.    Furthermore, while the U.S. National Cattlemen'sAssociation is strongly supporting the tough administrationposition, some U.S. meat exporters and packers are ambivalent.    This is because to some U.S. exporters and packers beefexports to Japan under the quota system are a steady, reliablebusiness managed by a quasi-government Japan Livestock IndustryPromotion Corporation. Under quotas the U.S. share of Japan'sbeef market has expanded at the expense of Australia.    In the absence of quotas, some U.S. suppliers are concernedthe U.S. share might decline and exporting to Japan wouldbecome a riskier business, meat industry sources said.    Major U.S meat industry leaders will meet in Washingtonnext week, including cattlemen, processors and exporters, in aneffort to reach an industry-wide consensus toward Japan.    The citrus industry also appears split on the quota issue.California's Sunkist, the largest U.S. supplier of oranges toJapan, has expressed reservations about eliminating quotas.    A representative of Sunkist said the cooperative isconcerned that in the absence of quotas, lower quality orangesfrom Israel and South Africa might be competitive in Japan.    Ironically, some Japanese officials hinted that freshoranges may be a product on which imports could be freed with aminimum of impact on Japanese mandarin orange production.    This is because U.S. oranges do not directly compete withsmaller Japanese mandarins, officials said. But Japan wants tomaintain quotas on orange juice because it fears imported juicetastes better and would displace Japanese mandarin orangejuice, they said.    One scenario mentioned by both U.S. and Japanese officialsis that Tokyo may try to blunt the tough administration stanceby offering to scrap the quota on fresh oranges in return forU.S. acceptance of increases in beef and juice quotas.    Lyng has acknowledged that liberalization of beef andcitrus imports is a difficult objective, but he insisted duringthe week-long tour here that it is a high priority on theU.S./Japan agriculture agenda-- more important than the riceissue which received most of the attention.    Asked about the ambivalence of some in U.S. agribusiness,Lyng noted some interests on both the U.S. and Japanese sidehave benefited from quotas but this will not stop theadministration from pressing for liberalization.    And Lyng said the administration believes it can marshallmore support for eliminating the quotas now than ever before,because of concern about Japan's rising trade surplus.    "We're coming at this one (beef and citrus negotiation)with a much stronger view coming out of Washington. The timeshave changed. The trade balance is much worse," Lyng said. Reuter&#3;