Bolivia's top union leader today joineda hunger strike by 1,300 state employed miners and workers topress for higher wages he said.    Juan Lechin Oquendo, the veteran secretary general of theBolivian Labour Organization, COB, told reporters: "I amjoining the fast to abide with our call for a hunger strike".    Lechin, 83, became one of 12 COB leaders to join a hungerstrike to protest against the austerity programme of thegovernment of president Victor Paz Estenssoro.    The striking leader began his fast as leaders of 9,000miners employed by the state corporation COMIBOL were due tostar negotiations on ways to solve their conflict over pay.    About 1,300 miners and workers entered today their fourthday of fast in union offices and Roman Catholic churches topress for a substantial hike in Bolivia's minimum monthly wage,which is 40 bolivianos (about 20 dlrs), COB leader WalterDegadillo said.    "I will take part in the miners' negotiations because thatdoes not force me to suspend my fast," Lechin told reporters.    The COMIBOL miners' strike entered its fifth day to pressfor higher wages and more funds for the mining nationalisedindustry.    About 20,000 miners, or two-thirds of the working force,have been laid off through the government's decision tostreamline the deficit-ridden state corporation following acollapse in the international tin price.    The government, faced with mounting social unrest againstits economic policies, has called the miners' strike and fastspart of a campaign aimed at discrediting it during the visit ofWest German president Richard von Weizsaecker, who began afour-day visit last Friday.    "I regret not being able to attend an invitation bypresident Weizsaecker to a dinner tonight because I am on ahunger strike," Lechin told reporters. "I also have to orga-nise the strike."    Weizsaecker is hosting a dinner tonight for Paz Estenssoroand had invited both Lechin and Victor Lopez, the miners'federation top leader. Although lopez has not joined the fast,union sources said its unlikely he would attend the dinner. Reuter&#3;