Speculation the United States willoffer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union appears to havereached a new level of intensity in the run-up to Secretary ofState George Shultz' visit later this month to Moscow.    Rumors of an impending deal have coursed through wheatmarkets since officials from the two countries held theircustomary, semi-annual grain talks in February. Moscow'sdecision at that time to reenter the U.S. corn marketstrengthened the perception of warming farm trade prospects.    Shultz is set to arrive in Moscow April 13.    Shultz' statement two weeks ago that he would not stand inthe way of a wheat subsidy offer under the Export EnhancementProgram, EEP, coupled with the announcement of his visit toMoscow, was interpreted by many grain trade representativeshere as a clear signal that the Reagan administration waspreparing an offer.    Administration officials -- in and out of the U.S.Agriculture Department -- have been extremely tight-lippedabout the prospects of a subsidy offer.    But USDA officials for the most part have abandoned thecontention the proposal is dormant, suggesting that an offer,while not a "done deal," is a live possibility.    Prominent U.S. grain trade representatives -- many of whomasked not to be identified -- continue to maintain that anoffer to subsidize four mln tonnes of wheat is imminent.    Others, who one month ago claimed a deal was not possible,are saying they would not rule one out.    Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., yesterday went so far as topredict a subsidy offer would be made within the next ten daysto two weeks.    Aides to Roberts said he had spoken to Republican leaderswho had been in contact with administration officials.    Richard Fritz, director of international marketing at U.S.Wheat Associates, said he was confident an export enhancementoffer would be made by the middle of this month.    Fritz also said he thought the value of the bonus would endup being close to the offer Washington made Peking earlier thisyear when USDA approved subsidies to China of around 36 dlrsper tonne on one mln tonnes of wheat.    Some grain trade representatives say a four-mln-tonne wheatsubsidy offer might help stimulate more Soviet purchases ofU.S. corn and open the door to U.S. sales of soybeans.    As ever, one of the crucial sticking points in a wheat dealwould appear to be price.    Last summer the administration took the controversial stepof offering the Soviets subsidized wheat -- but wereembarrassed when Moscow spurned the proposal on the groundsthat the 15-dlr-per-tonne subsidy still left U.S. wheat pricesfar above world market prices.    The administration's decision to set the subsidy level upfront instead of accepting bids from exporters appeared to be ameans of controlling the price while attempting to dampencriticism, grain trade sources said.    Nonetheless, the pricing procedure did not prevent Shultzfrom saying the Soviets were "chortling" because Washington wasoffering Soviet housewives cheaper grain than that available toU.S. housewives.    The conventional wisdom among grain trade representativeshere is that a general warming of relations between the twocountries since last summer, combined with continued hard timesin the U.S. grain belt, would favor a subsidy offer.    In addition, the USSR has made it clear it would considerbuying U.S. wheat if it were priced more competitively.    However, observers have not forgotten the circumstancessurrounding the administration's announcement of the wheatsubsidy offer last summer.    Up until the time of the announcment, congressional andindustry leaders were led to believe the White House haddecided to expand the Export Enhancement Program to include notonly the Soviets, but also a much broader list of countries.    Instead, the administration scaled back the offer toinclude only the Soviets.    That last-minute change of heart adds a measure ofuncertainty even to the predictions of those most convincedthat the administration will not now pass up the opportunity tosell four mln tonnes of wheat to the Soviet Union. Reuter&#3;