&lt;Morgan Grenfell Group Plc> said its1986 pre-tax profits were lower than forecast because ofdepreciation in the value of its Guinness Plc &lt;GUIN.L> sharesand because of securities trading losses in the U.S.    Morgan chairman Lord Catto said the losses on the group'sseven mln Guinness shares in addition to a 3.5 mln dlr loss onits risk arbitrage operation in New York depressed profits someeight mln stg to 82.2 mln.    He also told a news conference Morgan had received informalapproaches about a takeover of the group but was notinterested. No formal offers had been made, but Catto would notelaborate.    Morgan Grenfell acted as merchant banker to Guinness duringthe brewing company's successful bid for Distillers Co Plc&lt;DIST.L> in the first half of last year.    The U.K. Government launched an investigation into theaffairs of Guinness last December. Public concern has focusedon the way Guinness may have breached U.K. Company law and theTakeover Code by prompting others to support its share priceduring the bid.    Morgan chief executive Christopher Reeves, head ofcorporate finance Graham Walsh and senior corporate financedirector Roger Seelig all resigned in January over the Guinnessaffair.    Another senior Morgan Grenfell executive, Geoffrey Collier,resigned late last year on allegations of trading on insiderinformation. He currently faces criminal charges.    Lord Catto said the second half of 1986 had been "one of themost traumatic in our history," but that clients and staff hadbeen supportive.    "I certainly look on the future in a positive way. We havethe worst behind us and have swept nothing under the carpet."    Profits for the year, up 19.4 pct from 1985 pre-tax profitsof 68.8 mln stg, were mainly due to a high contribution fromcorporate finance activities and progress in asset management.    Finance Director David Ewart told the news conference theperformance of the group so far in 1987 was "within reasonabletouch of the budget."    Lord Catto also said the group was actively seeking a newchief executive to replace Sir Peter Carey, who is acting asinterim director after Reeves' resignation, and hopes to have anew chief executive within a few months.    He also said Reeves and Walsh had been paid a total of562,000 stg in compensation following their resignations, butdeclined to say how much each man got. Negotiations were goingon to determine an amount of compensation for Seelig, he said.    Morgan Grenfell shares stood at a late 366p, 9p down onyesterday's 375p. REUTER...&#3;