(General Partners), a Texas generalpartnership equally owned by affiliates of Wagner and Brown andAFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG>, said it currently holds 2,180,608common shares, or about 9.8 pct, of Gencorp Inc's &lt;GY>outstanding common stock.    General Partners said it began a 100 dlrs a share cashtender offer for all of Gencorp, an Akron, Ohio-based concern,that is worth nearly 2.3 billion dlrs.    Gencorp, which has interests in tire- and plastic-making,aerospace and broadcasting, has about 22.3 mln sharesoutstanding.    The General Partners offer is subject to receipt offinancing, a majority of Gencorp shares and other conditions.    In a letter to Gencorp chairman and chief executive A.William Reynolds describing the offer, General Partners said itwas willing to negotiate terms of the offer and was prepared tomeet as soon as possible.    In a statement, General Partners said it has contributed250 mln dlrs in equity financing and also has commitments for a one billion dlr credit line from Wells Fargo and Co &lt;WFC> anda 1.25 billion loan from Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc,a unit of American Express Co &lt;AXP>.    A Gencorp spokesman said the company's management wasmeeting but that its board was not scheduled to meet today. Hesaid he was not sure the company had formally received noticeof the offer but was aware of it through press accounts.    He declined to say what Gencorp's next move might be orwhether it would issue a statement later today.    In the letter, General Partners said it plans to maintainGencorp's corporate headquarters in Akron, and retain thecompany's plastics and industrial products businesses and itstires and related products segment.    The letter did not mention Gencorp's RKO Generalbroadcasting subsidiary, which has been involved in disputesover license renewals at several of its television stations.Gencorp has agreed to sell two of its independent stations, WORin the New York area and KHJ in Los Angeles.    General Partners officials were not immediately available.    Gencorp shares were delayed at the opening on the New YorkStock Exchange because of an imbalance of orders, and the NYSEsaid the shares were indicated to open at 103 to 115. Theshares closed up two yesterday at 90-1/2, a new 52-week high.    The financing for the offer includes the 250 mln dlrs inequity from General Partners, the 1.25 billion dlr loan fromShearson Lehman Brothers, a senior subordinated bridge loan forwhich a binding agreement can be delivered within 24 hoursafter a request from the partnership, and the one billion dlrcredit line from Wells Fargo.    Wells Fargo has agreed to lend up to 250 mln dlrs of theline itself and form a syndicate of banks to provide the rest,the partnership said.    Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc will act as dealer manager inthe tender offer, it said.    In the letter, the partnership said it was confident itcould obtain the financing and close the transaction promptly.    Last fall AFG and privately held Wagner and Brown offeredto acquired (Lear Siegler Inc) for about 1.44 billion dlrs butwithdrew the offer when higher bids emerged. Lear Sieglereventually went private for about 1.66 billion dlrs. Reuter&#3;