The resignation of Finance MinisterDilson Funaro is bound to focus attention on whether Brazilwill now adopt a more flexible debt stance and move towards anaccord with creditors, bankers and political analysts said.    With Funaro in charge, Brazil's relations with creditorssank to a low ebb, they said.    Bankers told anti-Funaro jokes from Sao Paulo to New Yorkand economic analysts said the personal animosity between theminister and U.S. Bankers was a real obstacle to reachingagreement on rescheduling Brazil's 111 billion dlr debt.    Commenting on Funaro, a foreign banker here recently toldReuters, "They (banks) see his removal pretty much as aprecondition for getting serious negotiations under way."    Funaro angered the banks in February by suspending interestpayment on Brazil's 68 billion dlr bank debt.    There was also a question of personal style. Bankersdisliked Funaro's aloof demeanor and in private heatedlyaccused him of arrogance and inflexibility.    However, Funaro did not fall because he upset foreignbankers but rather because his Cruzado Plan price freeze lastyear was a massive flop, economically and politically.    However, it is in the domain of the debt and Brazil'srelation with creditors that his departure will have the mostclosely-watched international repercussion, bankers said.    It became part of Funaro's trademark that he would have notruck with the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thuseffectively blocking a debt agreement.    He argued that if Brazil sought the help of the IMF, theFund would lay down conditions which would lead to recession.    Funaro and others who supported this position had memoriesof the IMF austerity program in Brazil in the early 1980s, aperiod when hungry crowds stormed supermarkets.    The foreign banker in Sao Paulo said, "I think Brazil couldhave an agreement with the IMF which would allow (it)acceptable growth."    Argentina, working with the IMF, won excellent terms for amajor portion of its 50 billion dlr debt earlier this month.    Given the IMF role in the Argentine accord, a U.S. Diplomathere said the agreement had been extremely damaging for Funarobecause it showed that cooperation with the IMF bore fruit.    Mexico has also taken the IMF path and, earlier thanArgentina, clinched a favourable pioneering agreement withcreditors on its 100 billion dlr debt.    Brazil is now the only one of the three biggest LatinAmerican debtors not to have a debt agreement.    Some Brazilian opinion, particularly in the businesscommunity, is favourable to an IMF accord.    A leading newspaper, Jornal do Brazil, carried a reportfrom Washington over the weekend saying it was a myth the IMFbrought recession and the best moment for an accord was now. Asit happens, a routine IMF mission is visiting Brasilia.    The government has repeatedly dismissed speculation it isconsidering any major change in debt policy and politicalanalysts caution against expecting changes on the IMF issue.    The government of President Jose Sarney has gained areputation for chronic indecisiveness and some analysts believethe government will turn to the IMF only if it comes to theconclusion there really is no option.    But such a policy shift looks more and more likely beforetoo long in the eyes of many analysts.    One major political obstacle, Funaro, is no longer in thepicture and the economic pressures on Brazil are growing.    The sharp drop in the trade surplus, which triggeredBrazil's present debt crisis, shows no sign of being reversed.In the first quarter of 1987 Brazil chalked up a surplus ofonly 526 mln dlrs, just a fraction of the 2.47 billion dlrsurplus it had in the same period last year.    Brazilian officials concede that time is not on their sidein the debt crisis.    "Brazil has an interest in resolving this problem as rapidlyas possible," Central Bank President Francisco Gros said onFriday. REUTER&#3;