Offshore drilling for oil and gas willbe moving into deeper and deeper waters, according to Ronald L.Geer, a consultant with Shell Oil Co. and president of theMarine Technology Society.     Geer told a press conference at the Offshore TechnologyConference that the technology existed to drill exploratorywells in up to 10,000 feet of water.     But he added that as the industry moves more and more tofloating systems as opposed to fixed bottom supportedstructures, the financial risks involved were greater.     He said such projects involved six to nine year timeframes, and there was a "reluctance for people to stick theirnecks too far out."     Shell holds the world record for the deepest exploratorywell, at 6,900 feet, in the Wilmington Canyon in the Atlanticoffshore New Jersey in 1984.     The company is currently drilling a 6,700 foot well in theAtwater Valley in the Gulf of Mexico offshore Louisiana.     Meanwhile, Brazil's Petrobras set a world record forunderwater production when they brought a well in 1,350 feet ofwater offshore Rio de Janeiro state into production in January.     Geer said the industry was particularly interested in theGreen Canyon field offshore Louisiana where a number ofcompanies, including Shell, a unit of Royal Dutch/Shell &lt;RD>,Dupont Co's &lt;DD> Conoco Inc, USX Corp's &lt;X> Marathon Oil Co,Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD> and &lt;Placid Oil Co>, are working, many ofthem testing new deep-water technologies.     Of particular interest is the controversial Penrod-72system being operated by the Dallas-based Hunt brothers wholast year placed Placid Oil under bankruptcy court protectionin order to avoid foreclosures on its valuable oil properties.     They have been seeking the right to use assets to drilloil wells in the Green Canyon through Penrod, arguing thatcontinued development of the project is essential to theirability to get out of their financial crisis.     Earlier this month, the Hunts were granted permission by abankruptcy court to pursue the Green Canyon project.     The Penrod system involves a controversial floatingproduction platform with well heads sitting 1,350 feet down onthe ocean floor. Some 24 wells will be attached to thewellhead, with one satellite well sitting in a record 1,700feet of water.     Geer said he could not comment on the Penrod project,other than to note that it involves so many new technologies,it might have a problem fitting all the pieces together withina specific time frame.     He also said he believed the potential production from theproject could be in line with what the Hunt Brothers haveprojected.     The Hunts' creditor banks have contended the Hunts haveexaggerated the potential of the project.     "They're in the ballpark," he said, of the numbers, addingthat he did not have enough information to comment further. Reuter&#3;