Major Japanese automakers are gearing upto equip sporty models with four-wheel steering, a feature thatcould become standard on high-grade cars in the future,automotive industry sources said.    Two companies are ready to market such cars soon, theysaid. Honda Motor Co Ltd will sell its Prelude with four-wheelsteering from this Friday, and Mazda Motor Corp officials say amodel with the new steering will be out by mid-year. Mazda aimsto ship the cars overseas before year-end but the decision willdepend on initial consumer reaction.    Nissan Motor Co Ltd has offered a less sophisticatedfour-wheel steering system on its Skyline since August 1985.Toyota Motor Corp has exhibited its developments in the fieldat a recent motor show and Mitsubishi Motors Corp said it willuse the system in the near future.    Though major U.S. And European automakers have alsoresearched and tested the four-wheel system, they say they arewaiting to see consumer response to the Japanese cars and forfurther improvements in safety and costs.    Four-wheel steering allows drivers to easily manoeuvre intoparking spaces and gives more control on sharp turns.     Mazda officials believe the new steering will improvesafety. "At extremes, four-wheel steering gives a driver morecontrol," said one official. "On slippery surfaces or at highspeeds, the system reduces unnecessary movement of the vehicle."    While acknowledging the added vehicle stability, a Hondaengineer said: "This invention is not intended to improvesafety, but is aimed at allowing everyone to drive easily."    Mazda's electronic steering system tells the back wheels toturn in the opposite direction from the front wheels at slowspeeds but in the same direction at high speeds.    Honda's system, which is mechanical, is similar but thedirection of the rear wheels is determined by the angle of thefront wheels. With Nissan's system the rear wheels move onlyparallel to the front.    Automakers say professional drivers who have tested thefour-wheel steering say it greatly improves handling.    An official with one U.S. Vehicle manufacturer saidfour-wheel steering is a technical improvement, but it isuncertain whether it will translate into higher sales orprofits. "All automakers are interested in something new," hesaid. "If it becomes a predominant factor, everyone will want tofollow."    The official said four-wheel steering is partly a gimmickto sell cars. "It's a benefit of a secondary nature comparedwith devices for fuel economy or emission control."    General Motors Corp has developed a four-wheel steeringsystem, but is unlikely to market it within the next fiveyears, Y. Hojoh, engineer with the Japan branch of GeneralMotors Overseas Corp, said. GM must consider the costs to theconsumer, he added.    The industry sources said the additional cost of the systemin Japan would probably make little difference to the consumeras it would be added to already high-priced models. REUTER&#3;