The United States remained isolated amongthe Inter-American Development Bank's 44 members as the Bankended its annual meeting here today without agreement on U.S.proposals to reform the regional lending institution.    The three-day meeting was dominated by the dispute and bythe failure of Brazil and its creditor banks to make anybreakthrough on debt talks after Brasilia suspended interestpayments last month.    Brazil's Central Bank governor Francisco Gros said aftertalks with its 14-bank advisory committee here yesterday thatit could not make a token interest payment now, as sought bybanks, but would maintain contact with the banks.    Delegates agreed to shelve discussion of IADB reforms untilthe half-yearly International Monetary Fund and World Bankmeetings in two weeks time in Washington at which a decisionwill be urgently sought in order to maintain credit flows tothe recession-hit region.    "The Bank cannot maintain an adequate lending level unlessit is given increased resources," IADB president Antonio OrtizMena told a press conference.    Ortiz Mena said 42 countries opposed Washington's proposalto lower veto power over loans to 35 pct of the Bank's votingshares from a simple majority as at present.    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said Monday the UnitedStates, as 34.5 pct shareholder and provider of the bulk of theBank's resources, should have more say in approving loans andconditioned a nine billion dlr increase in its contribution onapproving the reforms.    But Ortiz Mena said Latin America and the non-regionalmembers including Europe and Japan had all supported a 40 pctveto level. Canada declined to state a position.    Behind the dispute was a U.S. attempt to radically changethe direction of the Bank, which has lent 35 billion dlrs toLatin America in its 28 years, and give it a bigger role in thecurrent debt strategy with increased lending but more stringentconditions attached.    But Ortiz said the Bank cannot divert too much of itsresources to so-called sectoral lending, whereby loans tospecific sectors are tied to economic reforms, because thiscould affect the Bank's Triple A rating as a borrower in worldmarkets.    "For this reason we have agreed to limit sectoral loans to25 pct of the total, leaving the rest for investment inprojects," he said.    Ortiz Mena earlier told the Bank's closing session that asa result of negotiations here, the Bank can expect a newinjection of about 25 billion dlrs for the period 1987-90.    The United States has said it will only be able to supporta level close to the sixth replenishment of funds, which cameto 15.7 billion dlrs, unless its proposals are accepted.    But despite the impasse, some Latin American delegatesincluding Mexican Finance Minister Gustavo Petricioli said theywere optimistic a compromise agreement could be reached nextmonth. Reuter&#3;