China is likely to borrow up to300 mln dlrs this year from the Asian Development Bank (ADB),president Masao Fujioka said.    The loans would be China's first from the ADB.    "I think there will be at least one loan to China this year,and possibly a second," Fujioka told a news conference at theend of the ADB's annual meeting here.    Asked how large the loans were likely to be, Fujioka saidhe thought they would range from 100 mln to 150 mln dlrs each.    China is the ADB's newest member, joining in March 1986.    China is the third-largest shareholder after Japan and theU.S.. It was elected to the ADB's 12-member board yesterday.    Fujioka announced that the ADB's 1989 meeting would be heldin Peking. The 1988 meeting will be held in Manila.    Fujioka said the ADB would consider delegates' suggestionsthat it set up a task force of experts to define its futurerole. The ADB's performance was criticised by both its rich andpoor members at the three-day meeting just finished.    External experts had carried out a study on ADB policy forthe 1980s, Fujioka said. He said a similar study for the 1990swould be useful, but the ADB had no fixed ideas yet.    He said the ADB had already responded to members like theU.S., Which urged it to improve analysis of funded projects.    "We had already decided that the ADB should strengthen itsresearch capability," Fujioka said.    He said ADB lending had declined, but "the amount is not theonly thing that counts. We also want to be a catalyst by takinginnovative measures like the promotion of the private sector."    Fujioka also talked of the struggle between the U.S. AndJapan over their voting power in the ADB.    Total Japanese contributions to the ADB are higher thanthose of the U.S., So Japanese delegates asked for their votingpower to reflect this. The U.S. Opposed the move.    "It is advisable and wise, for institutions like the ADB tobe viable, that there be a reasonable relationship betweenfinancial contributions and voting power," Fujioka said.    But he indicated the problem remained unresolved.    Asked if the ADB would respond to a plea by Vietnam toresume lending which was cut off in 1974, Fujioka re-iteratedhis view that conditions there were not conducive to banking.    Fujioka declined to elaborate on Vietnam, but said therehad been no pressure from the U.S. Or any other country on theissue.    He also spoke about demands by the bank's financiers thatit take a more active role in prodding borrowers into makingeconomic policy changes.    "The initiative must come from the borrowing country. Wedon't accept that we impose policy conditions. There must be atwo-way consultation," he said. REUTER&#3;