U.S. Agriculture Secretary RichardLyng said he is pleased the European Community plans to offer aglobal farm reform plan at GATT later this month, although theUnited States opposes key parts of the proposal.    "We're pleased that they have moved in tabling a proposal.It will help us in getting the negotiations underway," Lyngtold Reuters in an interview Tuesday.    Lyng's comment came after EC ministers in Luxembourgendorsed a farm reform package drafted by the EC Commission.The EC plan will be presented at the next meeting of Uruguayround agriculture negotiators in Geneva on October 26.    Lyng said the United States would oppose parts of the planseeking a market sharing agreement for grains, and proposingcurbs on U.S. soybean and cereal substitute exports to Europe.    The U.S. in July proposed to GATT the elimination of allfarm subsidies affecting trade within ten years, and haspressed the EC to make a counter-offer with the aim of reachinga global farm subsidy agreement by the end of 1988.    However, the EC and some U.S. domestic groups have said theReagan administration plan to end all farm trade subsidies isunrealistic.    Asked about such criticism, Lyng said "The alternative todoing that is to say that we preserve them and maintain them. Ithink that is the unrealistic position."    "I would suggest that they (EC) listen to what we aretrying to say."    Lyng also rejected suggestions the U.S. and EC agree afreeze in export subsidies to get the GATT negotiations started.    "All that some countries would like to have would be awheat agreement where we would stop export subsidies on wheat.That doesn't do a thing for us," Lyng said.    The United States wants an end to subsidies in a range ofagricultural products from dairy products to vegetable oils, hesaid.    At the GATT negotiators meeting next week Canada isexpected to offer a proposal as well as the EC.    The United States will be represented at the meeting byformer agriculture undersecretary Daniel Amstutz, recentlyappointed special U.S. negotiator on agriculture. Reuter&#3;