U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker saidleading Latin American nations have delayed accepting a U.S.compromise proposal on major reforms of the Inter-AmericanDevelopment Bank.    In an interview with a small group of reporters, Baker saiddiscussions on far-reaching reforms of the bank would resumearound the fringes of the semiannual meeting of theInternational Monetary Fund in two weeks time.    But Baker said his compromise proposal, which he would notdisclose, was no longer on the table.    "I made it clear that the proposal was not one that Iexpected to leave out there if we could not resolve it at thismeeting," Baker said.    The U.S. had pressed for virtual veto power over IADB loanswhich were made on terms Washington considers far too lax.    In a bid to integrate the Bank into the U.S. debt strategy,Washington has suggested it would be ready to subscribe ninebillion dlrs to a new four-year capital replenishment of theBank.    In return Latin nations would have to give up their 54 pctsimple majority voting power over IADB lending.    Baker said, "In my view, they have not rejected it out ofhand at all and that it will be considered, should we choose toadvance it at the April meeting."    A U.S. contribution of that size would lead to an effectivefour-year lending program by the Bank of 22.9 billion dlrs.    The actual capital increase would amount to 27 billiondlrs, but usable resources would be less because the callablecapital of Latin debtors is theoretical and does not take placein practice, U.S. officials explained.    In return Latin nations would have to give up their 54 pctsimple majority voting power over IADB lending.    Initially, the U.S. wanted 65 pct of votes to proceed witha loan, a position that would have given the U.S. a virtualveto since it holds almost 35 pct of the votes.    But it seemed clear from Baker's remarks he was at onepoint ready to concede an increased voting power, such as 62.5pct or 60 pct as the majority for approving loans, that wouldamount to a compromise between the original U.S. and LatinAmerican positions.    Baker said, "In my view, they have not rejected it out ofhand at all and that it will be considered, should we choose toadvance it at the April meeting."    Baker made clear that since Mexico, Brazil, Venezuela andArgentina, representing the Latins, had declined to accept theplan today, the U.S. had reverted to its original position, buthe added, "It's possible the proposal could be revived."    U.S. officials, who asked not to be named, said theybelieved a decision was not forthcoming because several topLatin finance officials were absent from the IADB annualmeetings here.    And one official added that the key Latin officials wouldbe present at the semi-annual meetings of the IMF and the WorldBank.    The Treasury Secretary warned that if the issue is leftunresolved "we can't look towards a greater (capital)replenishment here."    That would mean the U.S. would use another multilateraldevelopment bank, like the World Bank, as its principal vehiclefor lending tied to fundamental economic reforms in debtornations.    The IADB has tended to make loans for projects rather thansectoral loans aimed at reforming Latin economies and hence hasnever fully participated in Baker's third world debt plan. Reuter&#3;