Phillips Petroleum Co will emphasizeimproving its short-term cash flow this year to pare its debt,C.J. "Pete" Silas, chairman, told Reuters in an interview.    "Our priority is to get cash flow increased from the assetsalready installed," he said, but he declined to estimate annualcash flow for 1987.    Analysts estimate Phillips" cash flow at over one billiondlrs for 1987, while long term debt, which resulted fromrestructuring to find off corporate raiders in 1985, hoversabout 5.9 billion dlrs as of December 1986.     Silas said Phillips hope to achieve its goal by raisingthe capital expenditures budget to develop its oil and gasproperties.    "We plan to develop the properties with short-term high cashflow prospects," he said. He projected a capital expenditurebudget of 730 mln dlrs, up from the 1986 expenditure of 655 mlndlrs.    Nearly half of that will be spent on exploration andproduction, and most of that will be spend overseas, Silassaid.    "Phillips' top priority in 1987 will be to get thewaterflooding in Norway and jack up the (Ekofisk) oil fields toimprove our ability to extract oil and increase earnings," Silassaid.     Phillips estimates that the project, which is expected tocost 1.5 billion dlrs, will increase recovery by 170 mln grossbarrels of oil over a period of 24 years.    Phillips is also pursue opportunities in China where Silassaid he was seeking "a modification of terms with the Chinesegovernment to make oil discoveries (in the offshore Xijangfields) commercially viable."    In the U.S. Silas said Phillips hopes to get the PointArguello, Calif., field started up by the fourth quarter. "Weexpect to start up the first platform then," Silas said.    But emphasis on short-term cash flow has also forced thecompany to part with several oil and gas assets.    Phillips sold its interests in the T-Block in the U.K.North Sea and U.S. reserves totaling about 1.3 billion dlrs in1986 as part of a two billion dlrs asset sales program that isnow completed, Silas said.     "We sold high cost producing assets. They were not goodvalue for us but possibly so for someone else," Silas said.    Silas said the 1986 assets sales will not affect earningsfor the company.    "Everything we are doing is to manage our cash flow and weare using that to manage our debt. Even the asset sales, whileregrettable, were necessary to reduce debt," Silas said.    He said no asset sales are planned this year as long as oilprices don't fall sharply lower and stay at lower levels  forseveral months. "Then, everyone would be looking at sales (ofassets), and we're no different from the others," Silas said.    In other areas, Silas looks for improved earnings fromPhillips chemical operations, which provided 299 mln dlrs inearnings for 1986, up from 219 mln dlrs in 1985.    "This was our second best year pushed by a good supply anddemand balance for products, low feedstocks and energy costsfor our operations," Silas said, "In 1987 we think the market'ssupply and demand balance will be just as good but feedstockand energy costs will rise due to price recovery." Reuter&#3;