An unexpectedly heavy 4.4 billion stgsurge in U.K. September sterling bank lending is unlikely tonudge the Bank of England towards tightening monetary policy aslong as sterling remains in its present robust state,economists said.    An acute crisis of confidence in equity markets over thepast two days will in any case subdue personal consumer creditdemand which has largely been behind growth in lending.    "In the normal course of events the markets would have beenextremely worried about that figure," noted Peter Spencer, U.K.Economist with Credit Suisse First Boston.    After an initial dip in reaction to the bank lending data,which compared won stg August rise, U.K.Government bonds (gilts) soared as investors continued to fleefrom plummetting equities into the relative security ofgovernment securities.    Equity markets dropped sharply on the news, touching aday's low of 1,766.7 on the FTSE 100 index after the data,before staging a recovery. Sterling held its buoyant tonethroughout.    U.K. Money market rates, in a similarly calm response,resumed the slightly easier trend of earlier in the morningafter little more than a token blip as the figures came out.    Noting that such a huge rise in credit extended by bankswould under other circumstances have prompted market fears of arise in clearing bank base rates from the current 10 pct, "Withthe financial markets doing what they're doing, that's the lastthing the Bank of England would want to do," Spencer said.    "The monetary situation is clearly very bad but as long assterling is firm, the authorities are unlikely to put rates up,"said Kevin Boakes, chief U.K. Economist at Greenwell MontaguGilt Edged. Boakes pointed to a rise in the narrow moneymeasure M0 to 5.2 pct year-on-year from August's 4.5 pctgrowth, which he said must cause some concern at the Treasury.    But "The fact that overall broad money growth has sloweddown is a rather encouraging sign," noted Paul Temperton, U.K.Economist with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. He pointed to afall in the year-on-year growth rate of the M3 broad moneyaggregate to 19.5 pct in September from August's 22 pct.    It was concern about credit growth which prompted the Bankof England to engineer a one point rise in U.K. Bank base ratesto 10 pct in early August, caution endorsed subsequently bynews of a massive 4.9 billion stg July rise in bank lending.    Temperton noted that a particular focus of bank worry inthat period had been the behaviour of U.K. Asset markets.    Housing and equities were the key two asset markets ininfluencing consumer behaviour, he said.    In the light of the precipitous falls on U.K. Equitymarkets in the past few days, "There will almost certainly be astraightforward impact on consumer spending and on retailsales," Temperton said.    "Almost certainly we can look forward to slower growth inconsumer borrowing if the equity shakeout continues," he added.    "I think the stock market has decided that the bank lendingfigure is a thing of the past...We are talking about a veryserious panic and a flight to quality," Spencer said.    A U.K. Treasury official said that it was important to lookat all the monetary information, not just the bank lending,adding that monetary aggregates were growing much more slowlythan bank lending.    Senior banking sources noted that the surge in bank lendingwas evidence of the continuing recent trend of fairly heavypersonal sector borrowing.    Figures from the Banking Information Service showedpersonal sector lending by U.K. Clearing banks rose by 1.66billion stg in September after a 978 mln stg August rise. Muchof the rise reflected quarterly interest payments. REUTER&#3;