Time Inc's chief financial officer,Thayer Bigelow, told security analysts the company is"comfortable" with Wall Street estimates that 1987 earningswill be in a range of 3.75 dlrs to 4.25 dlrs per share.    In 1986, Time reported earnings of 5.95 dlrs per share,including a number of special items.    Bigelow said in adjusting the 1986 results for the specialitems and also removing the earnings of American Television andCommunications Corp &lt;ATCMA>, Time earned 2.35 dlrs per share in1986.    Turner Broadcasting System Inc said the investment by thecable consortium would be in Turner Broadcasting, not directlyin CNN. The consortium would infuse up to 550 mln dlrs inTurner Broadcasting in return for a 35 pct equity interest.    Ted Turner, Chairman, would retain a 51 pct interest, aTurner Broadcasting spokesman said.    Bigelow said the company is continuing its previouslyannounced 10 mln share repurchase program and has bought back4.1 mln of its own shares. He said 700,000 shares werepurchased in the first quarter of 1987 at an average price of81 dlrs per share.    Bigelow said the company will always have a share buybackprogram in place whenever it believes it is a better long-terminvestment than starting or acquring a business. But he did notgive any specifics on further repurchases beyond the 10 mlnshares already announced.       On the subject of acquisitions, Richard Munro, chairman andchief executive said the company is not interested in investingin over-the-air broadcasting, but continues to look at allareas in which it is currently engaged.    Munro said book publishing is an area that interested Time.In 1986 the company purchased Scott and Foresman, its biggestacquisition ever.    N.J. Nicholas, president and chief operating officer, saidthe company might be interested in a relatively small bookbusiness.    He said following the recent agreement for the sale ofHarper and Row to the News Corp Ltd &lt;NWS>, "there may be piecesthat Murdoch doesn't want," referring to News Corp chairmanRupert Murdoch.    Asked if the company's SAMI business is for sale, Munrosaid it is a "delicate subject", and "we're looking at all theoptions." SAMI is a marketing information service for the foodindustry. Published reports have stated it could be worth asmuch as 500 mln dlrs.       Bigelow said that Time's Home Box Office added  subscriberslast year and the trend is continuing in the first quarter of1987. However, he said, HBO's results in the quarter will bedown slightly, but in the first quarter of 1986 there was aspecial gain in the HBO unit.    Nicholas said that HBO and Cinemax had combined subscribergrowth of 800,000 for last year.    He also said the tax rate in 1987 will remain at just under50 pct because of the repeal of investment tax credits andhigher state and local taxes. He said he sees a decrease in thetax rate in 1988 of five or six percentage points.    Munro said the company does not plan to increase itsdividend.    Trygve Myhren, chairman and chief executive of AmericanTelevision and Communications, said the unit is looking atgetting involved in the home shopping video area. "It would befoolish not to be a player there," he said.    He said the company had talks with Home Shopping NetworkInc &lt;HSN> prior to that company's public offering last year,but nothing came of the talks. Reuter&#3;