The Inter-American Development Banksaid it intended this year to match the over three billion dlrsit lent to Latin America in 1986, despite growing pressures onits capital.    In its annual report and in a briefing for reporters, theBank made it clear, however, that the Latin countries neededvast amounts of new investment if they are to strengthen theirailing economies in the period ahead. The report said LatinAmerica continued to emerge slowly from the deep recession thatbegan in the early 1980s, with Gross Domestic Product edging upto nearly four pct from 3.5 pct in 1985.    The report said the region's improved economic growth lastyear was based on a rise in internal demand and fullerutilization previously underused production capacity.    "This situation will be difficult to duplicate in 1987 andbeyond because no significant new investments are being made,"the report said.    The Bank's lending last year consisted of 63 loans totaling3.04 billion dlrs, bringing the agency's cumulative lending to35.44 billion dlrs.    Of last year's loans, 2.26 billion dlrs was actuallydisbursed, bringing total disbursements to 24.03 billion dlrs.    To assist in loan activities, the Bank said it borrowed1.91 billion dlrs in the capital markets in 1986, bringing itstotal outstanding borrowings to 12.11 billion dlrs.    In a briefing for reporters, Bank President AntonioOrtiz-Mena said that this year lending by the bank "will be at asimilar level to last year."    He noted that bank lending in 1986 was directedparticularly to projects in energy, agriculture, andenvironmental and public health, education and urbandevelopment. The annual report was released as the Bank'sannual meeting is being held in Miami.    Ortiz-Mena told reporters that the bank's member countrieswill discuss a plan by the United States to reduce the loanveto power from the current majority to 35 pct.    Such a plan would allow the United States to block any loanit did not like with the assistance of only one other country.    The proposal, which is tied to any U.S. backing for a newfinancing for the bank, is sure to run into rough going as theLatin countries view it as a move by the Reagan administrationto control the agency's critical loans.    The U.S. position is that it is not seeking veto poweralthough it believes the bank's largest contributors shouldhave greater influence within the institution.    Reuter&#3;