Treasury Secretary James Baker, facingthe toughest challenge to his Third World debt plan so far, isexpected today to stoutly defend the strategy.     At an opening address to the annual meeting of theInter-American Development Bank here Baker is likely once againto bluntly reject alternative approaches like wholesale debtrelief.     The speech comes after Washington delayed its bid to wrestcontrol of IADB lending from Latin nations.     The Treasury Secretary is also expected, U.S. officialssay, to portray that attempt as a crucial element in his planto promote inflation-free economic growth, open markets, and amuch-reduced government role in the economies of Latin America.     "We have already seen substantial progress," Baker said ina Miami Herald article and argued the plan was never meant tobe a "quick fix".     But Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, Nicaragua and Bolivia have allceased servicing some or all of their debt. Brazil's interestpayments moratorium, announced last month, is being seen as amajor challenge to the Baker plan.     Owing foreigners 109 billion dlrs, Brazil called anindefinite interest payments moratorium on 68 billion dlrs ofcommercial bank debt.     Brazilian Central Banker Francisco Gros met bankers lastnight to begin what U.S. officials predict will be months ofextremely tough negotiations.     The scale of the problem is immense. Owing some 382billion dlrs of foreign debt, Latin nations have since thestart of the decade paid out some  200 billion dlrs in interestand principal and received about 28 billion dlrs in new loans.     In addition, upwards of 100 billion dlrs in capital flightis estimated to have left the region during that time.     The Baker plan, unveiled in October, 1985, calls oncommercial and multilateral banks to increase lending by about29 billion dlrs in the three subsequent years to the 15 majordebtors engaging in fundamental economic reform.     The theory runs that once a debtor nation has reformed itseconomy, it can service its debt comfortably and without anatmosphere of crisis.     U.S. officials emphasize some 8.5 billion dlrs has beenpaid out in the first 14 months of the plan, payments of over70 billion dlrs of debt has been stretched out into the future and Washington  is embracing new and innovative ideas to keepdebtor-creditor negotiations afloat.     Baker is expected to underscore these points in hisaddress today. Reuter&#3;