The United States appears to have won atransatlantic battle by forcing the Bundesbank to trim interestrates, European economists said.    But they added Washington set the stakes high by testingthe limits of the Louvre accord while global stock markets wereplunging.    West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg and U.S.Treasury Secretary James Baker reaffirmed their commitment tocurrency stability at a secret meeting yesterday in Frankfurt,according to official statements released late Monday.    Only 13 hours after the statements were released, theBundesbank reduced short-term interest rates by offering banksliquidity at a fixed bid rate of 3.80 pct, down from a 3.85 pctfacility rate offered last week.    While the two ministers were meeting with Bundesbankpresident Karl Otto Poehl, the central bank had also addedmoney market liquidity repeatedly, signalling it did not want astrong rise in the tender allocation rate on Tuesday.     "It's round one to the Americans, " said Richard Reid,senior European economist for brokers UBS/Philips and Drew inLondon.    But Reid added, "We shouldn't forget that it has taken oneof the biggest stock market crashes in decades to get the WestGermans to cut their security repurchase rate by a 0.05percentage point."    Over the weekend, criticism by Baker of earlier tighteningof West German monetary policy led to a sharp dollar fall andfuelled speculation that the Louvre accord was no longer valid.    Six leading industrial nations agreed under February'sLouvre Accord to stabilise currencies and coordinate monetarypolicies. It has since been reaffirmed by the Group of Seven -the US, Japan, West Germany, Britain, France, Italy and Canada.    The Frankfurt meeting on Monday soothed currency marketsand the dollar gained over two pfennigs in after hours tradingin New York. At the Frankfurt fixing on Tuesday, the dollar wasquoted at 1.7918 marks compared with 1.7740 on Monday.    Guenther Aschoff, chief economist at DeutscheGenossenschaftbank in Frankfurt said massive declines on worldstock markets had been the main reason for the fall in WestGerman short-term interest rates on Tuesday.    "The Bundesbank wanted to set a marker after stock marketlosses... That was the responsible thing to do and if it fitswith Baker's wishes, then all the better," he said.    No central bank wants to let interest rates rise, and theBundesbank had been forced to put its rates up following risesin the U.S., Aschoff said.    Poehl told a conference in Frankfurt on Tuesday the centralbank has no interest in higher capital market rates and hethought the global rate increase was a cause for concern.    Giles Keating, economist with Credit Suisse First BostonLtd in London said "The cautious Bundesbank has beaten a retreatand Baker has won a battle...But he hasn't won the war as thesecurity repurchase rate is still 20 points higher than it wasbefore the IMF meeting last month in Washington."    Before the IMF meeting, when the Louvre Accord wasreaffirmed, the Bundesbank was offering money market liquidityat 3.60 pct, Keating noted.    Economists said the United States now appeared to haveagreed to play by the rules of the Louvre Accord and supportthe dollar in return for the German action on interest rates.    Any further sharp decline of the dollar would hinderWashington's efforts to reduce its trade deficit, Stoltenbergtold a news conference on Tuesday. He added he would not ruleout central banks of leading industrial countries interveningon exchange markets to defend the dollar's value.    Deutsche Genossenschaftbank's Aschoff stressed WestGermany's heavy dependence on exports and the need for currencystability. In addition, both the U.S. And West German centralbanks were keen to avoid a dollar slide which would force themto again spend vast sums intervening to support the dollar. REUTER&#3;