Sales of new cars by the U.S. autoindustry rose 6.7 pct in late February from the weak levels ofa year ago, but industry giant General Motors Corp &lt;GM> was anexception with an eight pct drop.    The figures represented a slight recovery for the industryfrom weak mid-February sales, but the eight domestic-based carmanufacturers still saw sales fall 9.1 pct for the full monthfrom last year.    GM, whose sales have been weakening for several months,took only 48.1 pct of domestic car sales in the February 21-28period compared with 55.7 pct a year ago, when sales for theentire industry were depressed from the ending of majormarketing incentive campaigns.    At the same time, rival Ford Motor Co &lt;F> said its carsales in the period rose 29.3 pct and Chrysler Corp &lt;C> was up11.3 pct.    The industry leader's slide was even more marked for thefull month as GM took only 37 pct of all car sales in February,including imports, compared with 43.5 pct a year ago.    Industry analysts said the 198,818 domestic-make cars soldin the seven selling days of late February represented aseasonally adjusted annualized rate of 7.0 mln units while the556,953 sold in the month were at a 7.4 mln annual rate.    Last year, the industry sold a record 11.44 mln new cars,including 8.2 mln domestic makes. But consumers have taken abreather since then and car sales sales have been weaker in1987 due to tax-induced heavy buying in December, a lack ofwidespread sales incentives and intermitent bad weather,analysts said.    GM sales vice-president C.N. "Bud" Moore said in astatement that his company's sales "began their recovery fromthe low point reached in January, and we expect the improvementto continue in coming months."    Anne Knight, automotive analyst for Paine Webber and Co,told Reuters that GM's sales were weak, but added: "I thinksales will get better in the spring."    "GM may make more production cuts in view of the weaksales, but this may be a strike year so they might try to buildinventories," she said.    In a further effort to revive sales, GM said itsOldsmobile, Pontiac and Buick divisions would offer many oftheir new car lines through April 30 with discount loanpackages at rates ranging from 3.9 pct for 24-month contractsto 9.9 pct for 60-month deals as an alternative to cashrebates.    Among the smaller U.S.-based manufacturers, Japanese-ownedAmerican Honda &lt;HMC> said its late February car sales rose 96.2pct from last year while Japanese-owned Nissan &lt;NSANY> was up35.9 pct.    German-owned Volkswagen of America fell 42.5 pct, AmericanMotors Corp &lt;AMO> plunged 62.5 pct and Japan's Toyota &lt;TOYOY>sold 1,082 domestic makes compared with none a year ago beforeit started domestic production.    Detroit's late February truck sales were generally positivewith GM up 10.9 pct, Ford up 48 pct, Chrysler gaining 46 pctand AMC's jeep sales off 4.0 pct.    Imported cars sales, released monthly, were estimated at219,300 in February, a 0.4 pct rise from last year and 28.3 pctof the overall car market. That was lower than January's 31.4pct share but above the 26.3 pct share a year ago. Reuter&#3;