Finance ministers from seven majorindustrialized nations agreed on the need to stabilizecurrencies at current levels but said more action was needed toreduce trade imbalances and sustain economic growth.    In a communique issued after a four-hour meeting at theU.S. Treasury that ended last night, the ministers said thevalue of the dollar and other currencies was basically correctnow, and they welcomed new measures planned by the Japanese toboost their economy.    West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg called ita "good meeting" and in brief remarks exchanged with reportersother ministers seemed pleased with its outcome.    Shortly after the communique was issued and just as foreignexchange trading opened in Tokyo, the Bank of Japan intervenedagain to prevent the yen rising too quickly.    The communique said, "The ministers and governors reaffirmedthe commitment to the cooperative approach agreed at the recentParis meeting. They agreed, however, that further actions willbe essential to resist rising protectionist pressures, sustainglobal economic expansion and reduce trade imbalances."    It welcomed the plans set this week by the Japan's rulingLiberal Democratic Party to stimulate its economy with what thecommunique termed "extraordinary and urgent measures" includingan "unprecedented front-end loading of public worksexpenditures."    The meeting of the so-called Group of Seven broughttogether ministers and central bank governors of the sevenmajor industrial democracies, the United States, Japan, WestGermany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada.    The communique said the ministers reaffirmed the commitmenton cooperation reached in a meeting on February 22 in Pariswhen they had agreed to stabilize foreign exchange rates at thethen-current levels.    In the weeks that followed, the dollar continued to fallagainst the Japanese yen despite massive dollar purchases bythe Bank of Japan and other central banks and is now trading ataround postwar lows.    Japan has come under growing criticism from both the UnitedStates and European countries for its only modest efforts toopen its markets to outside competition and to reduce itsexports.    The communique said Japan affirmed its intention to opendomestic markets to foreign goods and services but did notelaborate.    It said the officials "reaffirmed the view that aroundcurrent levels their currencies are within ranges broadlyconsistent with economic fundamentals and the basic policyintentions outlined at the Louvre meeting." Reuter&#3;