A new International Natural RubberAgreement, INRA, was formally adopted by a United NationsConference today.    The new accord is due to replace the current one, whichexpires in October.    Conference chairman Manaspas Xuto of Thailand said theformal adoption represented "a historic moment."    The latest round of talks, which began March 9, representedthe fourth attempt to negotiate a new INRA in nearly two years.Xuto described the negotiations as "by no means easy, and weoften faced problems."    The new pact is due to enter into force provisionally whenratified by countries accounting for 75 pct of world netexports and 75 pct of net imports.    The new INRA will enter into force definitively whengovernments accounting for at least 80 pct of net exports and80 pct of net imports have ratified it.    It will be open for signature from May 1 to December 31this year.    It is expected that provisional entry into force will takeat least 12 to 14 months from now, delegates said.    During the hiatus between the two agreements buffer stockoperations will be suspended, but the International NaturalRubber Council will remain in place.    Xuto told the conference both the 1979 agreement and itssuccessor were aimed at meeting the needs of producers andconsumers of natural rubber over the long term.    Both had interest in stabilising prices and supplies, Xutoadded. He also praised "the spirit of 'give' and 'take' thatprevailed throughout this session."    Ahmed Farouk of Malaysia, speaking on behalf of producers,said the conclusion of the new pact showed that the mutualityof interests between producers and consumers is now as valid asit was when negotiations of the first agreement began in the1970s.    Farouk said the ability to manage inventories on the basisof predictable stable prices is "a vital consideration formultinational tire companies, whether or not consumingcountries as a whole claimed to be no longer so seriouslyconcerned about security of the rubber supply."    He said producers considered that the 1979 agreement hadserved the purpose for which it was created.    Farouk urged consuming countries to promote early accessionto the new pact "to avoid an undue gap between the old and thenew.    Gerard Guillonneau of France, speaking for consumers,agreed that the 1979 agreement had worked relatively well.    But as economic conditions had changed, he said, consumershad been led to make proposals for improving its functioning.    He added that the adoption of the new agreement "attests tothe importance of rubber and confidence in the rubber industry." Reuter&#3;