Karl Otto Poehl, head of West Germany'scentral bank, and Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg arenormally so much in agreement that some foreigners doubt thecentral bank's independence.    But a rare public row between the ebullient Poehl,president of the Bundesbank, and Stoltenberg, over acontroversial investment tax proposal, has added to the woes ofthe country's already nervous financial markets, bankers said.    Poehl told an investment symposium in Frankfurt lastThursday he feared the tax would raise borrowing costs andinterest rates    Stoltenberg quickly issued a statement rebutting Poehl'scriticism, saying West Germany would remain an attractive placefor foreign investors.    "The obvious lack of coordination between the Bundesbank andFinance Ministry does not instil confidence in foreigninvestors," said one economist for a London broker, who askednot to be identified.    Bankers here expressed confidence the two top financialpolicy-makers would quickly patch up their relationship tosteer the economy through a particularly difficult time.    "There are plenty of objective pressures which will resultin things getting back to normal again after a period of illfeeling," said Commerzbank AG chief economist Juergen Pfister.    News on October 9 that the government was planning a 10 pctwithholding tax wiped billions of marks off shares and bonds ina market already reeling from rising interest rates at home andabroad.    Bankers said the Bundesbank was angered by the way thefinance ministry announced the plan -- without consulting theBundesbank adequately, and allowing apparently conflictingdetails to dribble out into an unprepared and uncertain market.    Both Poehl, 57, and Stoltenberg, 59, have been underextraordinary pressures lately.    Poehl has had to switch to the hard line promoted by hisdeputy, Helmut Schlesinger, jacking up interest rates to fightinflationary fears and abandoning the pragmatic policies he hadpursued so far this year to promote currency stability.    In recent statements Poehl has sounded more likeSchlesinger. For years the softly-spoken economist has beenwarning in speech after speech that excessive money supplygrowth would eventually lead to rising prices.    Schlesinger now has a majority of support in the Bundesbankcouncil, and since late summer Poehl has had to represent hisviews, bankers said.    "Poehl is in a minority in his own house," said Commerzbank'sPfister.    "Poehl is in a dilemma. He must follow a policy that is notentirely his own," said another economist.    The dilemma is that if German interest rates rise too far,they will attract funds into the country, pushing up the markand hurting West German exporters.    The dollar has now shed some seven pfennigs since theBundesbank's new tack became clear in early October.    Since last Thursday, United States Treasury Secretary JamesBaker has criticized the Bundesbank rate increases.    Bankers said this could foreshadow a revival of the 1986war of words between the U.S. And West Germany, in which U.S.Officials talked down the dollar to force West Germany tostimulate its economy and thus suck in more U.S. Exports.    One way West Germany agreed to do this was making a roundof tax cuts worth 39 billion marks from 1990.    But financing these tax cuts has proved more difficult forStoltenberg than he had bargained for.    The cool, unflappable northerner, who was regularly votedmost popular government politician last year, had to faceresistance from local barons in the government coalitionparties and from trade unions to his planned subsidy cuts.    The withholding tax was intended to plug one gap by raising4.3 billion marks.    But it has caused an outcry among bankers, who say it willpush up borrowing costs. The extra amount this costs thegovernment could wipe out the revenue the tax brings in.    Meanwhile Stoltenberg is dealing with a local political rowwhich has turned into the country's worst political scandal.    Stoltenberg had to leave monetary talks in Washington lastmonth early to sort out a row in the northern state ofSchleswig-Holstein, where he heads the ruling CDU party.    The state's CDU premier, Uwe Barschel, had to resign afterallegations of a "dirty tricks" election campaign led to heavylosses for the CDU in state elections.    Barschel was found dead in a hotel bath in Geneva lastweekend. Police say the death appears to have been suicide.    Cooperation between Poehl and Stoltenberg is all the moreremarkable as Poehl is in the opposition Social Democrats, andwas appointed by former chancellor Helmut Schmidt.    When Poehl's contract came up for renewal earlier thisyear, Chancellor Helmut Kohl's CDU-led coalition governmentgave Poehl another eight-year term.    Werner Chrobok, managing partner at Bethmann Bank, said hehoped the two men would soon be of one opinion again.    But when Poehl criticized Stoltenberg's tax plans he wasnot only voicing what many bankers felt but demonstrating theBundesbank's independence of government, Chrobok said. REUTER&#3;