Turkey's banks are reporting a strongrecovery in 1986 profits, but a government drive to liberalisecapital markets poses new challenges to a banking industryseeking to broaden its earnings base.    A dozen of Turkey's 55 banks have announced higher 1986profits so far, a trend bankers in the financial capital ofIstanbul expect to be reflected through most of the industry.    But while Ankara's policy of liberalising markets offersnew opportunites to expand operations, some bankers see dangersattached to a related drive to push down Turkish interestrates.    Bankers said the government's policy of fostering lowerinterest rates could lead to a consumer boom and reigniteinflation, currently running at about 30 pct. They worry thatthis could further reduce the industry's shrinking depositbase.    This has given added urgency to bank moves to build uptheir capital market operations as Turkey's market-orientedPrime Minister Turgut Ozal liberalises the financial system.    Bankers said the 1986 recovery in earnings stemmed partlyfrom foreign exchange operations and trade finance. But agrowing volume of trading in government securities is now alsoa major source of revenue for banks.    Bankers said the proportion of bank profits generated fromthe traditional financing of commerce and industry is falling,and some have even been making a loss on these operations.    The major challenge to bank profits in Turkey came in 1980when the government, faced with its worst financial crisis in50 years, raised domestic interest rates sharply to fight aninflation rate of over 100 pct and launched an export drive.    Deniz Gokce, associate professor of economics at theBosphorus University, told Reuters that banks were forced topay depositors real interest rates for the first time andprofits started to fall. Previously, rates had been belowinflation.    Turkey's domestic banks also partly missed out on theexport drive as foreign banks moved into Istanbul and reapedthe benefits of trade finance with their added expertise. Thenumber of foreign banks has risen to 16 from just two in 1981.    Although local banks tried to follow suit, Turkey's exportsdeclined last year to 7.4 billion dlrs from 7.9 billion in 1985and bankers doubt there is enough business to go round.    As a result banks, including a few foreign operations, havestarted moving into capital market operations to broaden theirearnings base and take advantage of the relaunch just over ayear ago of the Istanbul Stock Exchange.    "When we saw that there was a demand and supply of moneyoutside the banking system, we could not envisage ourselvesexcluded from these transactions," said Osman Erk, deputygeneral manager of the private bank Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi AS.    The number of banks active at the exchange, mainly tradinggovernment securities, went up to 28 this year from 23 when themarket was revived in December 1985.    Liberalisation went one step further last week whenparliament passed a law encouraging companies to go public.Last month, Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi launched the country's firstcommercial paper programme, for a joint-venture chemical firm.    Medium-sized private Pamukbank AS announced a strongrecovery in 1986 pre-tax profit to 12.9 billion lira from 603mln in 1985, while Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi profits increased to30.6 billion lira from 6.1 billion. Bankers said both benefitedfrom trade finance and increased capital market operations.    Turkey's second biggest bank, the private Turkiye IsBankasi, announced a profit rise to 35 billion from 32.3billion in 1985.    However, bankers said some banks have been "window dressing"their balance sheets to mask non-performing loans which arevariously estimated by bankers at between 20 to 50 pct of theindustry's 9,026 billion lira in total credits.    Non-performing loans began to mount in the early 1980s asindustry failed to cope with higher interest rates and startedto default. Some banks continued to count loans as performing.    "After 1984 all banks started to be more careful in givingcredits, so the non-performing loans is a problem of the periodbetween 1980 to 1984," Erk said.    But the problem of bad loans led to a rescue by three statebanks of medium-sized Turkiye Ogretmenler Bankasi AS earlierthis year when the Treasury, which acts as a watchdog body overbanks, discovered that the its assets were to a large extentmade up of non-performing loans.    Some 51 billion lira out of the bank's 69 billion lira loanportfolio was non-performing. But the bank had reported a 1986pre-tax profit of 65 mln lira.    Bankers cited this as a typical example of how balancesheets could hide problems despite a drive by the central bankto standardise accounting.    Gokce said the only solution would be for compulsoryauditing by international accounting companies. REUTER&#3;