There is a good chance that the UnitedStates and Latin America will agree reforms in theInter-American Development Bank (IADB) as a result of talksyesterday with U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker, MexicanFinance Minister Gustavo Petricioli said.    "This is a complex issue, but I am very optimistic on anagreement, he told reporters during the IADB's annual meetinghere.    The U.S., which holds a 34.5 pct stake in the Bank, hasproposed lowering the veto power to 35 pct, a move stronglyopposed by Latin countries which together hold 54.2 pct.    Petricioli said he saw the basis for a compromise when theissue comes up again during the International Monetary Fund andWorld Bank interim meetings next month in Washington.    He said Baker had indicated receptivity to Latin America'sposition during talks yesterday with the so-called "A"countries - Brazil, Argentina and Mexico - who stand to suffera net deficit of IADB funding unless the Bank votes asubstantial capital increase.    Proposals are on the table for a seventh replenishment offunds totalling 20 billion dlrs for the period 1987-90, plus2.9 billion carried over from the sixth replenishment.    But Washington has previously said it would not agree to anine billion dlr increase in its subscription unless reformswere agreed, a position described today by Nicaragua's CentralBank governor Joaquin Cuadra Chamorro as undemocratic.    Petricioli nevertheless said Baker showed "flexibility inbeing prepared to accommodate different proposals" and promisedto look into alternatives.    He said an alternative now being looked at was for newprocedures for delaying IADB loan approval, to satisfy U.S.concern that lending is currently too lax, rather than a changein the basic voting structure.    There would accordingly be a two-step procedure whereby itwould need just a 35 pct vote to delay loan approval for ayear, after which a second review would require a 40 pctblocking vote.    "Any change in the basic voting structure would require achange in the IADB's charter, and in turn a lengthy process ofprior approval by the Congresses of each country," Petriciolisaid. In common with Venezuela, he expressed reservations onthe conditions that might be placed as a result of Washington'sproposals for increased IADB sectoral lending, but welcomed abigger role for the Bank in U.S. debt strategy. Reuter&#3;