Eurodollar bonds closed as much as a fullpoint lower as the dollar fell to a post-war low against theyen and interest rates on U.S. Treasuries rose almost to eightpct.    The dollar fell to 144.30 yen and recovered only slightlyafter foreign exchange traders in New York said the FederalReserve intervened to buy dollars for yen.    But despite the dollar's woes, Japan Development Bank,wholly owned by the Japanese government, raised 150 mln dlrs ina seven-year eurobond carrying an eight pct coupon.    Lead manager for the issue, Bank of Tokyo, said the deal,at the time of pricing, was to yield 60 basis points overcomparable maturity Treasuries. However, by the close oftrading, that spread had narrowed to 55 and continued to slidein aftermarket activity.    Dealers noted that the spread to Treasuries is wide for anewly-priced AAA-rated borrower like Japan Development Bank.For example, earlier this week, the World Bank raised U.S. Dlrsat only 25 basis points over Treasuries. Dealers said thatbecause the borrower comes to market fairly infrequently -- thelast time was about nine months ago, the spread appears wide.    But officials at Bank of Tokyo said the spread is intendedto compensate for the lack of liquidity and for the uncertaintycurrently associated with owning dollar securities.    The officials said the borrower opted to raise funds indollars, despite the currency's weakness, because it is theonly market deep enough to accommodate an issue of that size.Japan Development Bank is not allowed to raise euroyen.    Market sources said the deal is likely to be swapped intoyen as the borrowers previous issues were.    Late in the day, the deal was trading just inside its feesat less 1.75 less 1.55.    Also issued today was a 40 mln dlr five-year offering fromToshiba International Finance (Netherlands) carrying a 7-3/8pct coupon and priced at 101-1/2.    Three equity linked dollar denominated deals were offered,the largest of which was a 200 mln dlr offering by SekisuiChemical Co and guaranteed by Sanwa Bank Ltd. The issue hasequity warrants attached and late in the day it was quoted onbrokers' screens at 106-1/2, bid only.    The Australian dollar market continued active, withCanadian Imperial Bank of Commerce offering a bond of 125 mlnfive-year with a zero coupon priced at 54.    Late in the day, the deal was quoted at less 1-1/4 bid. Asimilar deal yesterday by Toronto Dominion, priced slightlyhigher at 54.37 pct for an effective yield of 13.52 pct, wasquoted slightly lower at less 1.37 less 1.25 pct.    Dealers said that investors are apparently willing toaccept zero-coupon bonds yielding 50 to 100 basis points lessthan annual-pay bonds because their are tax benefits for retailbuyers. Also, the bonds are more volatile and if interest ratesfall in Australia as many analysts expect, the potential forcapital gains is greater with a zero-coupon. The bonds are alsobetter for those who expect the australian dlr to appreciate.    Dealers said that the Australia dlr zero coupon bonds areapparently being placed with retail accounts on the Europeancontinent with very little placement being done in Japan.    Euroyen issues sank slightly in line with prices ondomestic Japanese bond markets but recovered in late trade asthe yen soared. After the markets closed, the dollar fell to144 yen.    The European Investment Bank (EIB) issued a 40 mln euroyenissue paying 4-5/8 pct over seven years. This is the secondseven-year yen issue in two days -- a sector of the yield curvein Japan that dealers feel has not yet become overpriced. REUTER&#3;