The International Cocoa Organization(ICCO) buffer stock could face an uphill battle to halt thedowntrend in world cocoa prices when it begins buyingoperations in the next few weeks, cocoa traders said.    Traders said they believed buffer stock purchases couldreach 75,000 tonnes in a matter of weeks without lifting pricessignificantly, given the amount of surplus cocoa overhangingthe market. The buffer stock may begin buying shortly as theICCO 10 day average indicator price is now at 1,578.03 SpecialDrawing Rights (SDR) per tonne, below the 1,600 "must buy" level.    Rules governing buffer stock operations were agreed lastmonth by the ICCO council. Buying will begin once the bufferstock manager has completed preparations, traders said.    Some traders said the buffer stock manager may delay bufferstock buying until mid or end-April when changes in months usedto calculate the ICCO indicator may lift the 10 day averageabove the 1,600 SDR "must buy" level.    The ICCO indicator price is calculated from the average ofthe second, third and fourth positions on the London and NewYork futures markets. The daily price was 1,577.61 SDR pertonne yesterday.    Months used currently for the indicator are May, July andSeptember, but these are set to change to July, September andDecember on April 15, prior to May becoming the New York spotmonth, traders noted.    The introduction of December into the calculations may liftthe daily SDR price as December is currently quoted about 75stg above May on the London terminal market.    But the buffer stock manager would have to wait for thehigher daily price to feed through into the 10-day average, theindicator which governs his activities, traders said.    "The buffer stock manager is obviously looking at theimplications of delaying until forward prices lift theindicator since it might mean he has to buy less cocoa," ananalyst from a leading cocoa trade house said.    Traders said the buffer stock purchases could reach 75,000tonnes fairly quickly once buying starts. If purchases reachthis level within six months, buying is suspended pending anICCO council review of price ranges. But some cocoa marketwatchers said the buffer stock may benefit from recentforecasts for a poor Brazilian Bahia temporao crop at 1.5 mlnto two mln 60 kilo bags against initial expectations of up tothree mln.    A lower than expected Brazilian crop may cut the 1986/87world surplus to between 50,000 and 70,000 tonnes, comparedwith a recent forecast by the ICCO statistics committee of94,000 tonnes, traders said.    In these circumstances, the buffer stock may only need tobuy between 20,000 and 30,000 tonnes to lift prices above the"must buy" level.    But some dealers said the ICCO buffer stock rules may putconstraints on how quickly and effectively the buffer stockmanager can remove cocoa from the market.    The buffer stock system of price differentials setaccording to quality and a 15 pct limit on purchases fromnon-members could limit the buffer stock's scope for action,dealers said.    Most of the cocoa readily available to the buffer stock isnearby in-store material of Malaysian and Ivory Coast origin.    But the buffer stock can only buy 15 pct Malaysian cocoa asMalaysia is not an ICCO member, while purchases of nearby cocoacan only reach 40 pct in any one day, which forces the bufferstock to buy some intermediate and forward shipment material.    Limits on buffer stock purchases of nearby and non-membercocoa will reduce the impact on terminal prices which arepressured by the overhang of Malaysian material, traders said.    Buffer stock purchases of forward shipment cocoa fromquality producers such as Ghana will have only a limited impacton futures, but is likely to widen physical market premiums forthis cocoa over futures.    Ghana's premium to the terminal has risen to about 50 stgfrom 25 to 30 stg a month ago partly in anticipation of bufferstock buying, dealers said.    "The buffer stock may not help the terminal market, but willprovide a backstop for quality cocoas," one trader said.    Traders cautioned that views on the impact of the bufferstock were "all prognostication" and that no one could hope topredict accurately what the result would be. Psychologicallybuffer stock buying should help prices, but since the bufferstock already holds a carryover of 100,000 tonnes from theprevious cocoa agreement and the market is in surplus, dealersexpressed doubts purchases can counter bearish pressure.    In June the ICCO is due to discuss rules for a withholdingscheme as an additional market support mechanism. REUTER&#3;