The World Bank's policies prevent it fromlending money for the transfer of land from landowners to thelandless, but it can help finance development of thePhilippines' proposed land reform program, a bank officialsaid.    "The World Bank by its established policies cannot use itsresources to finance the transfer of assets from one group toanother. Our mandate is to finance investment-relatedactivities," Rolando Arrivillaga, the bank's residentrepresentative in the Philippines, told Reuters in aninterview.    Arrivillaga said he wanted to clarify part of a report by aWorld Bank mission that came in March to review the land reformprogram and which said the bank would not be able to financecompensation payments for the transfer of land.    He said the Philippine government had never asked the bankto finance land transfers, and the bank's position should notbe taken to mean that it ruled out any lending for the program.    "Clearly in the case of land reform the question of landtransfer by definition is transferring assets from the landedto the landless," Arrivillaga said. "However, the bank as aninstitution can finance the development aspects of the program."    "We will deal with the part of the program that deals withhow to put the land to effective use once it has beentransferred and how to make the on-farm investments that areneeded to attain the goal of improving the income level of thebeneficiaries," Arrivillaga said.    "I wouldn't be surprised if other multilateral institutionsare faced with similar constraints," he said.    President Corazon Aquino's spokesman said last week thatshe was committed to launching the program, which limits landholdings to seven hectares, by using her sweeping powers ofrule by decree before a new Congress convenes in July.    Presidential spokesman Teodoro Benigno said the land reformprogram, estimated to cost about 44 billion pesos, would beimplemented in four phases and benefit 2.64 mln farmers.    Benigno said the first two phases would complete thetransfer of rice and corn lands and abandoned farmland as wellas the transfer of land sequestered, expropriated or foreclosedby the government and would cover 1.15 mln hectares.    But Aquino would not decree the redistribution of largesugar, banana and coconut plantations, leaving it to theCongress to work out the details, Benigno said.    Arrivillaga said bilateral aid donors, who form part of aconsultative group led by the World Bank, might be prepared tofinance the land transfers.    "I don't think there are fast and easy rules as to howinternational sources of finance would behave in a situationlike this, because land reform by its very nature requires richfinancing to be able to carry out the reform in a way equitableto both the landowner and the beneficiary," he said.    Arrivillaga said the first priority for the governmentwould be to tap domestic sources of financing for the landtransfer, but external assistance could be brought in if therewere gaps.    "In such a fundamental reform the test of the willingness ofthe government is how it confronts the domestic resourcerequirement," Arrivillaga said. "Multilateral agencies by theirvery nature are lenders of last resort. It means they have tobe convinced that the government prioritises the program."    He said the World Bank had financed developmental costsunder an earlier land reform program launched by formerPresident Ferdinand Marcos in 1972, and such aid had beenchannelled through the Land Bank of the Philippines (LBP).    The LBP is the main implementing agency under Aquino'sprogram.    "If asked to do so again and the program is designed toimprove the standard of living of the poor then we wouldcertainly be prepared to consider (lending)," Arrivillaga said.    He said the tendency in such programs was to exaggerate thecosts by presenting ten-year perspectives in a one-yearcontext.    Arrivillaga said the government could solve most of itsfinancing problems by devising effective instruments tocompensate landowners.    Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin has said landowners arelikely to be paid 10 pct in cash and the rest in 10-year bondswith 10 pct of their face value redeemable each year.    Arrivillaga said any instruments used to compensatelandowners had to be freely tradable at near face value andadded: "The challenge is to devise a system of deferred paymentsthat is as good as cash."    He said the international financing community was watchingthe Philippine experiment with great interest.    "They are going to be an interesting model for many othercountries because they opened a dialogue on the reforms toevery sector of the population and even internationalinstitutions," he said. "I think they'll be on a very solid basewhen they make the decision to launch the reforms." REUTER&#3;