Traders in financial centres in Asiagenerally welcomed the first U.S. Night session of futurestrading which starts in Chicago on April 30.    Traders in Japan, Sydney and Hong Kong said they expectedthe move to bring benefits, but traders and bankers inSingapore said it posed a serious threat to the SingaporeInternational Monetary Exchange (SIMEX).    The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) inWashington gave unanimous approval to the Chicago Board ofTrade's (CBT) proposals on Tuesday.    The CBT plans to offer futures on U.S. Treasury notes andbonds, and options on those futures, from 1800 to 2100 hrsChicago time (2300 to 0200 gmt) on Mondays to Thursdays.    The sessions would mark the start of the trading day, whichwould end at the present close of business the next day.    The proposed hours are designed to coincide with thebusiest morning trading hours in Japan.    But Andrea Corcoran, chief of CFTC's division of tradingand markets, said on Tuesday she expected the evening sessionsto attract primarily U.S. Firms looking for additionalovernight protection.    Traders in Tokyo said the night sessions were expected tohelp expand U.S. Treasury bond trading volume and enlarge dailyfluctuation ranges in Tokyo.    They said Japanese financial institutions were veryinterested in using overseas futures markets, but were waitingfor finance ministry approval to do so. Approval is expectedbefore the end of the month.    The foreign branches of financial institutions can alreadytrade futures, but in practice make little use of them.    But, traders said the timing of the launch was poor, as itis in a ten day period when Tokyo has three public holidays.    The Tokyo traders said because of the holidays littleinterest in night trading could be expected until after May 5.    Tokyo bond managers said also that participation could belimited by a lack of experienced futures traders in Tokyo.    The Sydney Futures Exchange (SFE) hoped the four-hourtrading overlap with the new CBT hours would boost activity inSydney's eurodollar and U.S. Treasury bond contracts, spokesmanStephen Calder said.    The eurodollar contracts are linked to the LondonInternational Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE).    Calder said turnover in both contracts had beendisappointingly low since they were introduced last October.    He said the CBT move would broaden arbitragingopportunities for SFE traders.    "With a late evening lead from Chicago, there's also morechance that people will deal here in the afternoon," he said.    But in Singapore news of the CBT move was not welcomed.    A senior executive of a Japanese securities firm operatingin Singapore told Reuters: "Expanding global links betweenfutures markets mean that SIMEX must add Chicago and London andSydney to its list of rivals."    "LIFFE could cut further into the SIMEX contract, with a U.Streasury bond contract that can be off-set on the CBOT," theSingapore-based Japanese trader said.    Such a contract is expected later this year, he said.    Other SIMEX traders said local interest in the Sydneytreasury bond contract might be boosted if the Sydney exchangeestablished a three-way link with Chicago and London. LIFFE hassigned a memorandum of understanding with CBOT for such a link.    "If this link-up materializes, most traders are likely toby-pass SIMEX," said one trader.    Hong Kong commodity traders welcomed the CFTC's decision,though they added that local investors would have been moreinterested in financial futures.    "I think it is very good, because the move will help us toincrease our market share here," said Joseph Tan, manager of&lt;Bache Securities (HK) Ltd>.    He said that Bache, like many other local units of U.S.Commodity houses, had been participating in Chicago's rregularhours of trading for a long time and would like to extend itsbusiness.    Local Hong Kong houses also welcomed the move, but aspokesman for Shun Loong Co said investors would be moreinterested if stock index or currency futures were available.    Futures contracts in the local Hang Seng index have becomeincreasingly popular since they were introduced to the marketin May 1986. (See ECRA for Spotlight Index) REUTER&#3;