Automobiles Citroen expects risingsales of its new AX compact car to help boost profitssignificantly this year, continuing a financial recovery aftersix straight years of losses, president Jacques Calvet said.    Speaking to reporters during weekend trials for the new AXsports model, he said: "All the budgetary forecasts that we havebeen able to make ... Show a relatively significant improvementin 1987, compared with 1986," he added.    Citroen, part of the private Peugeot SA &lt;PEUP.PA> group,increased its share of the French new car market to 13.7 pct infirst two months 1987 from 12.1 pct a year earlier. It isaiming for an average 12.8 pct share throughout the year after11.7 pct in 1986.    The firm believes it is on target to raise its share of theEuropean market, excluding France, to 3.2 pct this year from2.9 pct in 1986.    "Our first problem is to produce enough vehicles to meet thedemand," Calvet said. "This is a relatively new problem for us."    Citroen lost close to two billion francs in 1984 but cutthe deficit to 400 mln in 1985, helped by moves to moderniseits range and improve productivity.    Calvet indicated last December he expected Citroen's 1986profit to be between 250 and 500 million francs.    This weekend he said that those profit estimates "remainabout the same -- perhaps even a little more optimistic."    Some of this optimism is due to the early success of theAX, launched on the French market last October. It will beavailable throughout most of western Europe within four months.    The car has registered just over 20,000 sales.    It is being built at Citroen's large plant at Aulnay-sous-Bois in northern Paris, as well as at Rennes in Brittany andVigo in Spain, with production just reaching target level of1,000 cars a day.    The car, which Citroen markets as an intermediate modelbetween its long-running 2CV and the Visa, is designed tocompete with the Renault 5, Volkswagen Polo and Opel Corsa.    The AX had built up its market share in France to aroundfour pct last month. Calvet said: "Our hope is that once the AXis fully developed, we will have between 6.5 and seven per centof the national market." REUTER&#3;