Middle East currency dealers meet inAbu Dhabi this weekend at a time of fundamental change in theirbusiness, which has seen a growing volume of trade shift fromthe Arab world to London.    The 14th congress of the Inter-Arab Cambiste Associationalso comes at a time when the prospect of a unified Gulfcurrency system is more real that at any time this decade.    Foreign exchange traders and bank treasurers said theseissues, and the slide of the Lebanese pound, can be expected tobe major talking points.    About 250 traders and treasurers from some 115 banks --including some in London and other major non-Arab financialcentres -- are expected to attend the conference which beginson on Saturday.    Bankers said it is hard to avoid the impression that agrowing proportion of transactions in the Saudi riyal market,by far the largest in the region, is being carried out inLondon.    The market had been dominated by Saudi Arabia's 11 banks,foreign exchange houses in the Kingdom and offshore banks inBahrain. But bankers said more and more Saudi and Bahrain-basedbanks are boosting their treasury operations in London.    As recession hit the Middle East and the need for tradefinance in the region declined, many offshore banks in Bahrainran down their currency operations. None of the four major U.K.Clearing banks now has a dealing room on the island.    The two major Bahrain-based international banks, &lt;ArabBanking Corp> and &lt;Gulf International Bank BSC> have increasedtheir presence in London and Saudi banks are busy upgradingrepresentative offices to branch status to allow dealing.    One economist said: "It is cheaper to run a riyal book inLondon than staff an expensive offshore operation in Bahrain...There is now the nucleus of a two-way market in London."    Jeddah-based &lt;Riyad Bank> set up as a licensed deposittaker in London in 1984, while its main rival in Saudi Arabia,&lt;National Commercial Bank> (NCB) won a licence in November1986.    The major market maker has traditionally been London-basedconsortium bank &lt;Saudi International Bank> but the kingdomjoint-venture &lt;Saudi American Bank> (SAMBA) also upgraded itsLondon operation to deposit taker status in mid-February.    One senior currency trader in Riyadh said: "Inevitably thevolume of business in London has gained pace with the two newlicences for NCB and SAMBA, but there is no question that mostof the liquidity still rests in Saudi Arabia."    Currency traders said the shift to London in the Saudiriyal market is difficult to quantify.    Bahrain Monetary Agency figures show regional currencydeposits held by offshore banks, most in Saudi riyals, droppedto the equivalent of 12.2 billion dlrs at end-September 1986from 13.4 billion at end-1985 and a 1983 peak of 15.0 billion.    The shift has prompted changes in dealing habits. Riyaltrading in the Gulf on Saturdays and Sundays has become veryquiet with London closed while some Saudi and Bahrain banks nowstaff offices on Friday, the Gulf weekend. Traders also expect&lt;Arab National Bank> to step up London operations.    Traders say it is difficult to foresee the riyal marketmoving completely out of the region, partly because of localdemand and partly because of what is seen as the Saudi ArabianMonetary Agency's (SAMA) desire to moderateinternationalisation of the riyal and protect it from unduespeculation.    There have been far fewer signs of the Kuwaiti dinar marketshifting from its natural base of Kuwait and trading in Bahrainand London is still limited.    But for the first time since the formation of the sixnation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) in 1981 there are signsthat a much mooted currency union could come into force soon.    Currency traders said it remains unclear what form a finalcurrency union would take for the six states -- Saudi Arabia,Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.    But plans to link the six currencies in a European MonetarySystem style with a common peg have been discussed at highlevel and could be a topic on the GCC's annual summit expectedto be held in Saudi Arabia late in the year.    One dealer said: "A lot of exposure is being given todiscussions and plans appear to be quite advanced. But in theend a political decision has to be taken to give the go-ahead."    One open question is that of a common peg for currencies.    The idea of linking the six currencies has been debatedsince the start of the GCC. The Kuwaiti dinar is currentlylinked to a basket of currencies while the other fivecurrencies are either officially or in practice linked to theU.S. Dollar.    Some traders said a currency union could mean speculationagainst the Saudi riyal rubbing off on other Gulf currencies,but plans call for a permitted divergence in the system of7-1/4 pct, large enough to avoid sudden strains.    Another topic for debate is expected to be the continuedslide of the Lebanese pound against the dollar and theundermining of the effective capital base of Lebanese banks. REUTER&#3;