China must cut excess demand and capitalinvestment in the face of budget and foreign exchange deficitsbut will press ahead with wide-ranging economic reforms in1987, Premier Zhao Ziyang told parliament.    Zhao told the annual meeting of the National People'sCongress that while China cooled its overheated economy, cutits trade deficit and raised national living standards in 1986,serious imbalances remain.    Zhao said total social demand exceeds total supply, anddemand for consumer goods, especially from state firms, is toohigh. "(They) squander public funds to a serious extent ... (andissue) excessive wage and bonus increases," he said.    Failure to cut this excess will "result in reducedaccumulation of funds...And serve to corrupt social morality,"Zhao said. He said there was a contradiction between low percapita incomes and excessively high consumer demand.    China needs to accumulate enormous funds for constructionin its initial stage of socialist modernisation and consumptionmust match the available resources, he said.    Zhao said there was a deficit in state finances in 1986because of the sharp fall in world oil prices, the rising costof foreign exchange earnings through exports, reduced incomefrom customs duties and unreasonably heavy spending.    Local authorities, departments and firms have been able toretain more revenue since economic reforms in 1979. "(They)unjustifiably developed processing industries andnon-productive construction," Zhao said.    He said that unless effective measures are taken to curbthis practice, financial and credit deficits are likely toincrease in the next few years.    Zhao said that if such deficits become excessive and lasttoo long, they will cause the over-issue of money, which inturn will cause "disturbing inflation, a precipitous rise incommodity prices and chaos in economic life."    Another serious problem is that too many new constructionprojects have been launched. Fixed asset investment outside thestate plan is over-extended and the pattern of such investmentis highly irrational, he said.    Investment in energy, transport, telecommunications and rawand semi-finished materials industries is inadequate andinvestment in non-productive projects is too large, he said.     Zhao said some departments and local authorities havefailed to take prompt and effective measures to correct thisinvestment imbalance, despite instructions to do so from theState Council earlier this year.     He said China's per capita output of grain and other farmand sideline products is still very low and production ofgrain, forestry, animal husbandry and fisheries rests on arather weak foundation.     China's countryside is still in the development stage andthere is vast potential to be tapped through deep reforms, hesaid, but did not elaborate.    Zhao said the main task for reform in 1987 is to breathelife into China's large and medium sized state firms, whichstill do not have "a satisfactory combination ofresponsibilities, powers and benefits."    "We have yet to create conditions for giving the enterprisesfull managerial authority and full responsibility for their ownprofits and losses," he said.    Currently, the firms are not responding rationally tomarket changes and doing all the state requires of them, hesaid. Their potential is not being fully tapped, he added.    Zhao said that in 1987, China will speed up the reform ofits financial system, diversify credit services, encouragecompetition among different financial institutions and promoteinsurance services.    He said the system of bank interest rates must be reformed,with differential and floating rates being applied fordifferent periods of time.    China must, under proper guidance, develop markets for thecirculation of funds in major cities and exploit the role offinancial markets in pooling and regulating funds, he added.    Zhao said China must also expand the market for capitalgoods such as rolled steel, coal, cement and timber. The lackof such a market is the main reason why large state firms have"yet to be fully invigorated," he said.    He also promised a continuation of the labour contractsystem under which all firms hire workers for a fixed periodand pay them according to their own methods, subject only tostate-set ceilings for wages and bonuses. REUTER&#3;