The U.S. meat and poultry inspectionprograms are incapable of protecting consumers fromcontaminated products, groups representing inspectors andconsumers charged.    "The whole trend of inspection for the last 10 years hasbeen to corrupt and to degrade the system where today thepublic is at constant risk to contaminated and adulteratedmeat," Kenneth Blaylock, president of the American Federation ofGovernment Employees, told a House Agriculture subcommittee.    "The American consumer has little reason to feel confidentabout the safety of meat and poultry being offered to himtoday," said Rodney Leonard, executive director of the CommunityNutrition Institute.    "Company management is less concerned about the risk tohealth than about raising plant output and company profits,"Leonard told a hearing of the House Agriculture Subcommittee onLivestock, Dairy and Poultry.    Kenneth Morrison, staff associate at the GovernmentAccountability Project, said inspectors consistently discloseviolations of federal law, demonstrating a "serious breakdown inthe entire inspection system."    Morrison told of chicken fat for flavoring beingcontaminated by "intestines dragging in a water trough used toflush away the condemned product, fecal material, human spit,chewing gum and paper towels used by plant employees to blowtheir noses."    Donald Houston, administrator of the U.S. AgricultureDepartment's Food Safety and Inspection Service, FSIS, defendedthe government's program, calling it "one of the most respectedpublic health programs in the world."    FSIS inspects an estimated 127 mln head of cattle and 4.5billion chicken and turkeys every year.    Houston said inspection programs have kept pace withchange, but conceded that the danger of chemical residues inthe meat and poultry supply has increased.    He also said that, although he was confident the bacteriumsalmonella eventually could be eradicated, it would take timeand much money to contain the growing problem.    Salmonella, which in extreme cases can cause death, isfound in approximately 37 pct of U.S. broilers, 12 pct of rawpork and three to five pct of raw beef, Houston said.    The number of reported cases has doubled over the past 20years, he said, to 40,000 cases annually.    "We certainly really have not found an effective means ofturning this disease around," said Rep. James Olin (D-Va.)    The National Research Council recommended in 1985 that FSISintensify efforts to develop rapid diagnostic procedures fordetecting microoganisms.    But the meat and poultry industries have said such controlswould cost too much.    "Hopefully we will not overreact by installing unnecessarilycomplicated procedures that may become obstacles to the realgoal of providing an increasingly safer, more nutritious andeconomical meat supply for consumers," Stanley Emerling,executive vice president of the National Association of MeatPurveyors, said.    Blaylock, speaking on behalf of food inspectors, said a newprogram allowing elimination of USDA inspection functions atcertain plants "voids the law in letter and spirit, and must berepealed or we will see rising consumer fraud and an epidemicof death and illness for which there will be no prevention norlegal recourse."    Subcommittee Chairman Charles Stenholm (D-Tex.) said thepanel would hold a hearing on salmonella June 2. Reuter&#3;