The dollar's recent signs of stabilityhave raised hopes that its 27-month decline may be nearly over,but most currency analysts refuse to commit themselves untilafter the June 12 release of U.S. trade data for April.    "The trade data will be a deciding factor to see if thedollar has bottomed out," said Jim McGroarty of Discount Corp.    Since February 1985, the dollar has nearly halved its valueagainst the yen and the mark as part of an officiallyorchestrated campaign to make U.S. goods more competitive onworld markets and redress gaping world trade imbalances.    On April 27, the dollar fell to a 40-year low of 137.25 yenbut has enjoyed a modest recovery over the last few weeks,topping 145 yen today for the first time in nearly two months.    Many economists now believe that the dollar has fallen farenough to ease the trade deficit's drag on the U.S. economy.    The U.S. trade gap narrowed to 13.6 billion dlrs in Marchfrom 15.1 billion in February and is expected to show continuedimprovement in April in volume, if not in real, terms.    Keiichi Udagawa of Bank of Tokyo in New York said that iffurther progress is reported, the dollar would head back uptowards 150 yen.    "There is growing consensus that the dollar has bottomedout for the medium term," added Tom Campbell of First NationalBank of Chicago.    Other factors supporting this bullish view were growingexpectations that Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker wouldbe reappointed for a third four-year term in August, Japan'slarger-than-expected economic stimulus package last week and more favorably technical chart signals, analysts said.    The dollar was also aided by Japan's moves to dampenspeculative selling in Tokyo and by reports of active centralbank intervention to support the dollar.    The Federal Reserve Bank of New York said last week thatthe U.S. monetary authorities bought more than four billiondlrs during the February-April period -- the largest amountsince the dollar crisis of the late 1970's.    Discount Corp's McGroarty described the Fed's interventionvolume as "impressive".    James O'Neill of Marine Midland Bank was not so positive,however: "the dollar has not yet bottomed out. After the tradedata are released, the dollar could fall towards 1.77 marks and140 yen."    Similarly, Natsuo Okada of Sumitomo Bank in New Yorkwarned, "I don't think the dollar has bottomed out yet."    Although the dollar could rise as high as 146.50 yen, Okadasaid market impatience about the painstakingly slow decline ofthe U.S. trade deficit may lead to renewed pressure.    Currency analysts also warned about an unfavorable reactionto the seven-nation economic Summit on June 8 to 10 in Venice,which is likely to focus on the implementation of previouscommitments rather than yield any fresh initiatives.    President Reagan said today, "economic policy decisionsmade last year in Tokyo and at this year's meetings of Group ofSeven finance ministers in Paris and Washington cannot beignored or forgotten."    "The commitments made at these meetings need to betranslated into action," he added in a speech, celebrating the40th anniversary of the Marshall aid plan for Europe.    Now that Tokyo has unveiled its fiscal stimulus package,analysts expected Bonn and the dollar/mark rate to bear thebrunt of U.S. calls for further action.    Marine Midland's O'Neill said, "pressure will build up onGermany to take stimulative action like Japan."    Some Japanese bank dealers warned that although the dollarcould hold above 145 yen for some months it could also comeunder attack again if it seems the latest economic package isnot having much impact on Japan's economy and its tradesurplus. Reflecting a longer-term uncertainty, some some trustbanks and Japanese insurers are keeping their short dollarpositons hedged against exchange losses in their foreignportfolios, while some others have started covering those shortpositions, Japanese bank dealers said. Reuter&#3;