The Bundesbank is planning changes inthe system by which banks bid for funds in securitiesrepurchase pacts to improve the flexibility of its key openmarket instrument, central bank officials said.    Banking economists said the changes will shorten the tenderprocess to two days from three currently, enabling theBundesbank to offer repurchase pacts of shorter maturity if itchooses, to steer money market liquidity more flexibly.    The changes will probably come into force in April.    Under the current system, banks must themselves specify atthe tender which securities they will sell to the Bundesbankfor subsequent repurchase, a time consuming business.    Banks hold securities for this purpose in safe custodyaccounts in the Landeszentralbank (LZB) regional central banks,which are the local offices of the Bundesbank at state level.    Some 50 billion marks of securities are held in suchaccounts at the Hesse LZB, which covers the Frankfurt area.    The change to come into force next month will allow theBundesbank access to these accounts to select the bonds itself,in a process legally comparable to direct debiting.    At present the Bundesbank generally announces a tender onMonday, holds the tender late on Tuesday morning, announces theresult early Tuesday afternoon and allocates funds Wednesday.    The Bundesbank generally sets repurchase pacts running 28days. But sometimes public holidays result in longer pacts orlonger tender periods being necessary.    For instance the Bundesbank announced a tender last Fridayto be held today (Wednesday) for crediting funds tomorrow(Thursday). The advance announcement took into account thecarnival holiday in Duesseldorf on Monday and in Frankfurtyesterday (Tuesday).    Central bank officials and money market dealers said theshortening of the tender process should be seen as purelytechnical, with no direct implications for interest rates.    "It is not a credit policy matter but a technical matter,"said an official at the Hesse LZB.    Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl said last Decemberthat security repurchase pacts had proved a much greatersuccess since their introduction in their present form twoyears ago, and praised their flexibility.    The tender process changes will make the repurchase pactinstrument even more flexible, banking economists said.    By speeding up the tender process, they will make itpossible for the Bundesbank to offer repurchase pacts forperiods of less than a month, something long sought by banks,to respond to changing money market conditions.    "With the help of this instrument liquidity steering will berefined, but there won't be any effect on interest rates," saidBerliner Handels- und Frankfurter Bank economist HermannRemsperger.    The Bundesbank would be able to react more quickly to moneymarket developments, but by steering liquidity, not interestrates, he said. REUTER&#3;