The federal Food and DrugAdministration's Dermatologic Drugs Advisory Committee votedunanimously that Upjohn Co's Rogaine baldness drug was safe andeffective.    The panel recommended that the FDA approve Rogaine formarketing in the United States, so long as accompanyingpackaging and promotional materials disclose that the producthas only limited effect on male pattern baldness.    The five outside experts attending today's FDA committeemeeting seemed less concerned about Rogaine's safety after anoutside consultant told them the drug "appears to be quite safein the normal male population."    The consultant, Ohio State University Professor of MedicineCarl Leier, said Rogaine's side effects were minimal, based ona study of 10,000 individuals who have been getting the drug inCanada, where it was approved for marketing last year.    "The Canadian record is quite a good one in terms of sideeffects," Leier said.    The experts urged the FDA to require a warning in thedrug's packaging that patients be monitored for heart effectswhile taking the drug, such as irregular heart beats, changesin heart rate, palpitations and fluid retention in the body.    Rogaine, whose chemical name is minoxidil, has already beenapproved by the FDA when taken orally as a high blood pressuredrug.    But Upjohn is now seeking agency approval of it as a malebaldness treatment when put directly on the skin in liquidform.    Upjohn has previously claimed that, when applied to thescalp, too little of Rogaine was absorbed into the bloodstreamto affect the heart.    But panel members concluded that the amount absorbedmerited physician monitoring of patients taking the drug.    Under questioning by panel members, Upjohn official RichardDe Villez acknowledged the drug in clinical trials producedmoderate hair growth on the crown of the head in only about 40pct after 12 months.    He also acknowledged discontinuing treatment would make thenew hair fall out.    "The Upjohn problem is that they have a tremendous placeboeffect," panel member Paul Bergstresser of the University ofTexas told the meeting.    He said patients administered a placebo during clinicaltrials typically had about half as much new hair growth as didindividuals treated with Rogaine.    As a result, it may take patients eight-12 months beforethey can tell whether thay are benefiting from the drug, hesaid.    In Canada, a year's treatment costs about 550-640 dlrs(U.S.).    An Upjohn official said no price would be set for the drugin the U.S. market until it was approved for sale.    During trials, the drug was found to have a bizarre sideeffect on some individuals: It caused a state of sexualdysfunction known as "exagerrated erection."    Stewart Ehrreich, a former FDA official who conducted asafety review of Rogaine before leaving the agency, saidresearchers had found a number of cases of patients who hadexagerrated erections as a result of the drug.    He said this was a common effect for drugs of the sameclass as Rogaine, called vaso-dilators.    FDA officials said they could make no prediction on whenRogaine might be approved for marketing.    Following the vote, panel member Dr. Robert Stern, a Bostondermatologist, said Upjohn statistics had exaggerated theeffect of the drug.    He said "about one in five will have a substantial clinicaleffect," which he defined as a significant growth of new hairthat made the patient actually look better.    He urged insurance companies not to cover the cost ofRogaine treatment in order to preserve scarce medical fundresources.    "I would hope that insurance companies will take a strongline that this is not a product we will reimburse for," Sterntold reporters.    "I think this is a drug that has some application for somepeople, and I think some people will find it worth the expense,"he said.    But he said individuals should be required to pay for thetreatment out of their personal funds.    Stern estimated more than 100,000 American men are alreadyusing minoxidil on their scalps, outside the law, by grindingup the blood pressure pill and dissolving in a solvent. Reuter&#3;