One of the top executives of theInternational Monetary Fund (IMF) has tendered his resignationcharging that the United States has been pressuring the agencyto reduce the conditions it places on some loans, monetarysources said.    C. David Finch, an Australian who heads the IMF's exchangeand trade relations department, told the IMF executive board onWednesday that he planned to leave by the end of next monthafter 37 years with the agency.    The sources said that Finch, in a statement consideredunprecedented, told the board that the United States hadbrought undue pressure on the IMF to approve funding for Zaireand Egypt.    "To resign in this manner is highly unusual, perhapsunprecedented," a monetary source said.    Neither Finch nor U.S. IMF Representative Charles Dallaracould be reached for comment.    The IMF, since the emergence of the debt crisis in 1982,has pressed many countries to tighten their belts and cut backon social spending as conditions to granting assistance.    The United States recently has been taking the positionthat countries that take needed economic reform measuresrelying more on market forces and private enterprise should beencouraged by assistance from the IMF and development banks.    Zaire, under the government of President Mobutu Sese Sekohas recently been taking many reform measures designed to healits ailing economy.    The IMF last year approved a 22-month loan package forZaire totaling 270 mln dlrs.    The United States has been considering the possibility ofseeking access to a military base in Zaire but no decision hasbeen reached.    Egypt, for its part, has been holding talks with the IMFaimed at reaching a final accord on a new one billion dlr loanpackage with the United States pressing for a quick deal,according to the sources.    However, they said a tentative plan for Egypt that iscurrently being reviewed by the management of the Fund prior togoing to the executive board for full approval has raised anumber of questions about the country's ability to repay.    Egypt is also a linchpin in the broad framework of U.S.Middle East policy.    The department headed by Finch, among otherresponsibilties, makes certain that IMF policies and loanconditions are wielded evenly among countries.    Monetary sources have said that the United States hadbrought pressure on the IMF to approve a loan package forMexico using economic conditions that have not been broadlyused before, but Finch, according to the sources, made noreference to this.    Under the debt initiative announced 18 months ago byTreasury Secretary James Baker, the United States made thedecision that debtor countries should be encourged to grow outof their difficulties rather than rely on austerity measures.     He also recommended that commercial banks provide 20billion dlrs in new loans for the debtor countries while themutilateral banks add some six billion dlrs over three years.    A key part of the proposal gave the World Bank a muchgreater role in dealing with the debt crisis, in part becauseof its familiarity with developing countries and theirproblems.    The initiative, while widely heralded as a good first steptoward improving the the growing debt crisis, was viewed bysome at the IMF as a rebuke of previous austerity measuresinsisted upon by the Fund in return for loans.  REUTER&#3;