The United Automobile Workers Union,UAW, is asking local leaders to back a renewed drive for higherwages in upcoming bargaining with the car and other majorindustries while acknowledging that futher job losses areinevitable as traditional U.S. manufacturing shrinks.    The UAW will begin bargaining this summer on new contractscovering some 380,000 members at General Motors Corp, theworld's largest corporation, and nearly 110,000 members at FordMotor Co, the number two U.S. automaker.    National UAW labor contracts at both companies expire atmidnight September 14.    The union is expected to chose one of the companies as apossible strike target in early September to concentrate itsefforts.    UAW president Owen Bieber was loudly cheered by some 3,000local delegates at a special bargaining strategy conventionyesterday when he declared the union is ready to go to "war"against the major auto makers in support of its goals.    "It takes two to make peace, but only one to make war ...and if it's war, the UAW will be ready for it. War against theinsecurity of layoff," the UAW chief said.    In a 101-page document proposing its 1987 collectivebargaining program, the leadership of the 1.1 mln member unionurged "full resumption of our traditional wage formula" as "atop priority in this round of bargaining."    But the union concedes that increased foreign competition,new technology and shifts to low-cost offshore production byU.S. manufacturers will continue to cut the number of workersin the motor vehicle and agricultural equipment industries.    Union leaders told Reuters the 1987 round of bargainingwith GM and Ford will be one of the most difficult in the51-year history of the union in view of GM's announced goal toclose plants it deems non-competitive and to increase itspurchase of parts from outside suppliers as part of a massiveprogram to reduce its costs by 10 billion dlrs and reverse theprofits decline it suffered the last two years.    At Ford, where a record 3.3 billion dlrs in profits lastyear swelled its cash reserves past eight billion dlrs,analysts say the company's healthy position could make it atempting target for the union in its drive to increase wages.    Labor executives for both GM and Ford have said they willoppose any attempt to return to annual general wage increasesthat were dropped in 1982 when the Detroit-based industry wasmired in a deep recession.    But the UAW, pointing to a three pct pay increase to beimplemented later this year in the contract it negotiated withChrysler Corp after a 1985 strike, said it intends to seek fullreinstatement of annual percentage wage increases in thisyear's bargaining with GM and Ford. Reuter&#3;