A British minister said he had given theJapanese government a clear warning of sanctions againstJapanese companies if Tokyo did not allow more access to itsinternal markets "and it was clearly understood."    Corporate Affairs Minister Michael Howard said on hisreturn from a visit to Japan he thought the Japanese werebeginning to appreciate the need to be "fair and open" aboutaccess to their own markets.    At an airport news conference Howard denied oppositioncharges that his trip had been a failure because he hadreturned empty-handed.    "I did what I set out to do. I was sent to deliver a clearmessage to the Japanese government, and I delivered it veryclearly, and it has been clearly understood."    Howard said that under the Financial Services Act thegovenment had considerable flexibility in taking sanctionsagainst Japanese companies and finance houses operating inBritain.    "It is not simply a question of withdrawing or refusingoperating licences. We can ban firms from certain countriesfrom carrying out certain kinds of business, while allowingthem to carry out other kinds."    "I hope we don't have to use these powers, but I made itclear in Japan that if our timetable isn't met, we shall usethem."    He said it would be unfortunate if Britain and Japan becameinvolved in a tit-for-tat exchange, adding that Japan gainedmore than anyone else from an open trading relationship.    "I think they are beginning to appreciate that if thisrelationship is to continue, it is very important for them tobe fair and open about access to their own markets."    On the question of the British firm Cable and Wireless Plc&lt;CAWL.L>, which is trying to win a significant share oftelecommunications contracts in Japan, Howard said he had toldthe Japanese this was being widely regarded as a test case.    He said there were signs of movement on the case. Cable andWireless was due to take part in talks in Japan next Tuesday,he said.    Earlier this week British Prime Minister Margaret Thatchersaid Britain could not go it alone on sanctions against Japan,but would have to coordinate action with its European Communitypartners.    Community sources said after a meeting of trade officialsyesterday that the group might impose steep new tariffs on arange of Japanese goods to prevent diversion from United Statesmarkets if Washington imposes trade sanctions against Tokyo asit has threatened. REUTER&#3;