CSR Ltd &lt;CSRA.S> said it plans to offer3.50 dlrs a share cum-bonus for all the issued capital ofbuilding products group Monier Ltd &lt;MNRA.S>.    The offer values Monier's current issued capital of 156.28mln shares at 547 mln dlrs and compares with the latest sharemarket price of 2.80 dlrs, equal to last Friday's close.    Monier recently said it proposes to make a one-for-twobonus issue before June 30.    CSR will shortly announce further details of the offerincluding a CSR share alternative, it said in a statement.    CSR said it currently holds 323,000 Monier shares or only0.21 pct of the company's issued capital.    Redland Plc &lt;RDLD.L>, the holder of 49.87 pct of Monier,has agreed with CSR that Redland will not accept the offer forits stake initially, CSR said.    Instead, CSR has granted Redland two alternative options,the first giving Redland the right to accept the CSR offer atthe same price within six months of the closing date of thebid, the company said.    The second grants Redland the option to increase its Monierholding to 50.1 pct in the same period.    The second option is exercisable by Redland at 3.50 dlrs ashare, CSR said.    Both option deals are subject to the approval of Moniershareholders except CSR and Redland.    As previously reported, Redland and Monier had beendiscussing a possible Redland bid for Monier but the talksbroke off two weeks ago.    CSR said Redland supports the CSR offer as a means ofestablishing a fruitful joint venture in building materials inwhich they both have interests. At the end of the offer, theywill discuss how these interests may be developed.    Redland has indicated that it would be prepared to considerat a later stage an increase in CSR's Monier stake to enable itto become a CSR subsidiary, assuming Redland exercises thesecond option, CSR said.    It said the offer is generous because it will give Moniershareholders a price equivalent to 16.8 times after-taxearnings in 1985/86 ended June 30, a 25 pct premium overFriday's market price and a 125 pct premium over last reportednet tangible asset backing per share of 1.57 dlrs.    The offer is beneficial for both CSR and Moniershareholders, CSR's chief executive officer Bryan Kelman said.    "The acquisition will broaden CSR interests in buildingmaterials by the addition of complementary domestic andoverseas businesses in concrete and clay tiles, metal roofingmaterials and concrete blocks and piping," Kelman said in thestatement.    "Importantly, the acquisition will provide CSR with newgrowth opportunities in building materials both in Australiaand overseas," he added.    Monier, which earned a net 32.49 mln dlrs in 1985/86, hasoperations in a number of countries, including the U.S., Japan,Britain and New Zealand, as well as Australia. REUTER&#3;