The stock market could be jolted oneway or another on Friday as the so-called triple witchingexpiration raises the specter of volatile movement.    The Dow Jones Industrial Average could soar or plunge asmuch as 100 points, or both, or even remain static, accordingto analysts of the stock and stock index futures markets.    The simultaneous expiration of March stock index futurescontracts, options on these futures and options on the indexesthemselves, along with options on individual stocks, hascreated a mad scramble during several previous "witchinghours."    Upon expiration of these vehicles, investment managers mustfind a place for their funds, and in the past the final hourhas seen a tremendous surge in New York Stock Exchange volume.    Analysts said the overriding influence of the stockmarket's steady climb this year -- and the absence ofworthwhile investment alternatives -- may indicate that themajor players will look to buy into the stock market as thefinal hour transpires this friday.    "I think there will be a substantial swap out of futures(positions) and into stocks," Jeffrey Miller, of Miller TabakHirsch and Co said. "(But) I've got a streak of four or five ina row of being right, so I'm bound to be wrong."    The feeling among some analysts is that the largest moneymanagers will do the same thing they did at December'sexpiration when they plunged their multi-billion dollar fundsinto the stock market.    "Last time, during triple-expiration, there was atremendous amount of stock sold, which was offset by huge buyprograms late," said Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Inc analystWilliam Marcus.    Some stock funds quickly place newly arrived investmentdollars into buying futures positions, Miller said. Then, uponthe expiration of the futures, the manager looks to transformthat into a stock portfolio, he said.    The coming month is also a seasonally strong period for thestock market, Stotler and Co analyst David Hightower said,because of the influx of income tax refunds.    Although Hightower recommended steering clear of tradingduring the witching hour, he suggested buying if the marketplunges, believing that the slide would only be temporary.    Marcus said it was difficult to make a prediction as towhich way the market will go on Friday, partly because manyinvestors will be engaging in "window-dressing."    The public disclosure of order imbalances in individualstocks a half hour before the close may reveal an opportunityto those investors seeking either to buy or get rid of stocks,offsetting whatever impact the initial imbalances show.    Analysts said efforts by exchanges to quell the volatilityon triple-expirations are unlikely to substantially alter theimpact of futures and options on the stock market. Moneymanagers are sure to find other types of loopholes that emergeunder the new rules, they said. Reuter&#3;