Chicago Mercantile Exchange, CME,directors have postponed action on a membership petitioncalling for a ban on dual trading, CME Chairman Jack Sandnertold Reuters.    Consideration of the petition was scheduled for a regularboard meeting today, but directors first wanted the opinions ofa special committee that has been studying trading conditionsin the Standard and Poor's 500 futures pit for the last sixmonths.    "We didn't want to preempt the committee," Sandner said.    Instead, Sandner said the board will wait for the findingsof the special S and P committee, which is considering sometype of restriction on dual trading in S and P 500 futures.    Dual trading is the legal practice in which an exchangemember can execute customer orders as well as trade for his ownaccount. Critics maintain the practice provides an opportunityfor traders to "front-run" or trade their own accounts at morefavorable prices before customer orders are executed. Sandnersaid he expects the special committee to report its findingslate next week and the board to act when those findings arepresented.    In response to reports that the CME board is opposed to aban on dual trading, Sandner pointed out that the board alreadyunanimously approved a partial ban on dual trading in S and P500 futures at a prior meeting.    The change was withheld, however, at the request of thespecial committee after a study was released and the committeefelt the issue should be addressed more comprehensively,Sandner said.    Sandner said that he personally had no aversion to a ban ondual trading and "the leadership (of the CME) is not opposed toa ban on dual trading."    Last week, CME special counsel Leo Melamed said the specialstudy committee is considering changes only for S and P 500futures and options on futures.    In addition to the dual trading issue, the committee isalso expected to make recommendations on the possibility forelectronic order entry and execution for S and P 500 futuresand rule changes to alleviate crowded conditions in the S and Ptrading pit, Melamed said.    Melamed said at the time that in matters where a specialcommittee is appointed, recommendations from the committee areusually approved by the exchange board of directors. Reuter&#3;