Kansas City Southern Industries Incsaid it is ready to promptly purchase the Southern PacificTransportation Co from Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp &lt;SFX> ifthe Interstate Commerce Commission rejects Sante Fe's attemptto reopen the merger of Southern and the Atchison, Tokepa andSanta Fe Railway.    In a filing with the ICC late today, the company outlinedfour conditions of its offer to acquire Southern Pacific.    Among the conditions are that Santa Fe enter into anagreement to indemnify Kansas City for any contigent liabilitesof Southern Pacific existing as of the closing date, and thatthe financial condition of Southern remain largely unchangedfrom today onward.    "We are willing, even eager, to make a fair market valueoffer in cash for the Southern Pacific," said Kansas CitySouthern president and chief executive officer Landon H.Rowland.    "This offer disproves the constant derogation of theSourthern Pacific by SFSP management, best exemplified by SFSPChief Executive John Schmidt's comment in ICC hearings that theSouthern Pacific was 'bankrupt,'" said Rowland.    He said that merging Southern with Kansas City will achievethe benefits of an end-to-end merger while preseving theindependece of the Southern Pacific versus its existing primecompetitor, Santa Fe.    Kansas said that Southern's management had estimated thevalue of the railroad in 1983 in the range of 281 mln dlrs to1.2 billion dlrs.    It said that Morgan Stanley and Co Inc and Salomon BrothersInc, hired in 1983 to advise Southern and Santa Fe in theirmerger, appraised Southern as worth between 500 mln dlrs and800 mln dlrs less than Southern's own internal valuations.    Kanasa City Southern said it will make an offer forSouthern after its books, records and properties are examined.    "Once that examination has been completed (and even in theabsence of a willingnes of SFSP to negotiate) KCSI will make anoffer in writing...." said the company.    Kansas also said it argued in the ICC filing that Santa Fehad not met the legal requirements justifying the Commission'sreconsideration of the proposed merger of Santa Fe and SouthernPacific, two railroads that it said basically parallel eachother throughout their routes.    ICC voted four to one last summer to reject the merger asinherently anticompetitive. Kansas said Santa Fe in petitioningfor reconsideration now argues that the trackage agreementswith the Union Pacific, the Denver and Rio Grande Western andother railroads, adds to the value of the merger. Reuter&#3;