Argentina's Economy Minister JuanSourrouille said the "narrow interest" of creditor banks washolding up an accord to stretch out debt repayments and warnedArgentina may break off negotiations.    "It is inadmissible that the private narrow interest of somebanks threatens to turn into an insurmountable obstacle for apolicy we have agreed with the international community,"Sourrouille said.    Speaking to the International Monetary Fund's InterimCommittee meeting, Sourrouille said Argentina had given ampleproof that it is negotiating seriously with the banks.    "Today, with that same responsibility, we are clearlystating that it will be imposible for us to continuenegotiating on that basis."    A monetary source who heard Sourrouille's speech from avantage point close to U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker,said Baker turned to one of his advisors to ask for the namesof banks that Sourrouille said were stalling on an agreement.    "Let's give them a call right away," the source quoted Bakeras saying.    Sourrouille reminded the Interim Committee that the IMFlast February approved a 1.3-billion-dlr stand-by loan and alonger-term credit, known as an extended Fund Facility foranother 500,000 dlrs.    But he said that despite Argentina's "disciplined effort" toachieve inflation-free economic growth, it was unable to obtainIMF payouts due to the link between that arrangement andsettlement of a separate agreement with creditor banks.    Sourrouille  stated flatly that the banks were flouting along-established practice under which debtor countries whichreached agreements on economic reforms with the Fund were agood credit risk for the banks.    "In other words, facts are demonstrating that the currentdebt strategy is showing that an IMF agreement is only a weaksignal for the beginning of another discussion (with thebanks)," he stated.    He added the fact that the strategy is not working was alsodemonstrated when governments that approved Argentina's programhad to join in a bridge loan for his country.    Sourrouille stated that Argentina has met IMF requirementsregarding its balance of payments and its monetary and fiscalpolicies.    Despite this Sourrouille said, "What we are facing is theinexplicable demands (from the banks) that are blockingnegotations."    Argentina, with a foreign debt of 50 billion dlrs, has beenseeking to reschdule 24 billion dlrs in "old debt" and another4.2 billion dlrs that had been refinanced in 1985.    The minister also said there were two issues separatingArgentina from an accord with creditor banks, one was a minimumdifference on the interest rate margin above internationallevels.    The other condition, of more concern, were suggestions bythe banks that would upset the country's financial system.    Monetary sources said creditor banks have been offeringArgentina the London Interbank rate (Libor) plus 7/8 pct, whichthey gave Venezuela in a recent refinancing agreement.    The sources said Argentina is committed to winning thelower spread Mexico gained last year of 13/16 pct above Libor. Reuter&#3;