The Jeddah-based Islamic DevelopmentBank (IDB) said in an annual report its loans during the lastIslamic year fell 24 pct due to world economic recession.    Total financing approved by the bank for projects, trade,and technical and special assistance fell to 756.9 mln Islamicdinars in the year ended September 4, 1986, from 1,001.4 mlnthe previous year.    "Due to a general recession in the world economy, the demandfor development funds was low and there was a scarcity ofprocessable projects in most member countries during 1406(September 1985-86)," the report said.    It said a steep decline in oil prices had led to a majortransfer of resources from oil-producing countries toindustrial nations.    "The oil exporting member nations of the IDB faced a majoradjustment problem arising from a sizable decline in oil pricesand loss of export earnings, affecting their position aspotential suppliers of capital," the report said.    Project financing and technical assistance loans fell to175.7 mln Islamic dinars in the year ended last September from269.4 mln the previous year.    The report said although there was a reduction in foreigntrade financing loans in the past year due to a sharp declinein the price of oil and various primary commodities, thequantity financed in physical terms of imports was higher.    Foreign Trade financing declined to 572.8 mln dinars from668.2 million dinars the previous year. Disbursements of loans,including previously-approved loans, fell to 557.2 mln dinarsfrom 783.9 mln.    The Bank in 1986 decided to establish a fund under the name"IDB Unit Trust" to introduce and market financial instruments inline with the principles of Islam, the report said.    "This experience will provide a foundation for the floatingof other financial instruments in the near future through whichthe bank expects to mobilise even larger resources," the reportsaid.    The IDB was established by the 46-member Islamic ConferenceOrganisation and opened in October 1975. REUTER&#3;