Digital Equipment said it istaking several initiatives designed to make it easier and morecost effecive for customers to purchase and use its productsand services.    The company also said it is introducing three new mid-rangeVAX systems.    Digital stated the moves "further strengthened itsleadership position in the computer industry."    The company said it also adjusted prices acrossall productlines to more accurately reflect performance and customer value.    Digital said the new products -- the VAX 8250, VAX 8350 andVZX 8530 systems -- replace earlier models and provide up to 40pct increased performance.    It said the new "systems reflect Digital's ability tosustain its present leadership in integrated, networkedsystems."    Effective today, the company said, it is adopting newbusiness practices to remain responsive to the needs ofcustomers and the rapidly changing marketplace, specificallythe trend towards distributed, networked operations.    Digital said it is instituting a discount structure basedon total enterprise purchase of hardware and software.Purchases for resale are included within this simplifiedDiscount structure.    The company said it now has a one-year warranty on allhardware, including VAX and PDP systems, all options andperipherals. In addition, customers can select to extend theirhardware warranties up to three years at the time of purchase.    Digital said its new software licensing policy simplifiesthe transfer of software within a company and includesrellicensing procedures for used equipment.    Digital said it has instituted uniform quantity pricing onall product list prices with increases to reflect full systemvalue on high functionality systems and software.    Without providing any details, it also said the are pricereductions of up to 50 pct on selected memories and disks.    "Based on the analysis of product mix, price adjustmentswill generally result in minimal net impact in costs in atypical user enterprise," it added. Reuter&#3;