Directors of the Chicago MercantileExchange will meet Wednesday to consider a membership petitionasking the exchange to tighten rules covering tradingactivities in the widely-popular Standard and Poor's 500 StockIndex futures pit, an exchange executive said.    The petition calls for elimination of dual trading, a legalpractice where traders execute customer orders as well as tradefor their own account.    But exchange officials noted this practice also provides anopportunity for a trader to engage in what is called"front-running", where traders enter orders for their own accountbefore executing orders for their customers.    Leo Melamed, CME special counsel, said directors will ruleon the petition on Wednesday, but added that a special S and PAdvisory Committee has been studying S and P 500 futurestrading conditions for the last six months and is expected tosubmit a complete list of recommendations within 30 days.    In addition to a recommendation on dual trading, Melamedsaid the special committee will also make suggestions about apossible automatic order entry and execution system for S and P500 futures and futures-options and rule changes that wouldalleviate congested conditions in the trading pit.    Melamed said directors are likely to approve therecommendations of the special committee because "most actionsof the board are in line with committee recommendations."    CME senior vice president Gerald Beyer said if the boardaccepts the member's petition this week, a rule change will besubmitted to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission forapproval.    If the board does nothing, or rejects the petition request,a rule change must then be submitted to the exchange membershipfor a vote within 15 days, Beyer said.    Melamed also added that if the petition must be ruled onbefore the recommendations from the special committee are made"it will confuse the issue."    Not all traders agree on the need to eliminiate or restrictdual trading.    Although Jonathan Wolff, senior vice president at DonaldsonLufkin and Jenrette, noted dual trading is evident on mostexchanges.    "It's a question of the integrity of the person you dobusiness with," Wolff said.    Futures traders who act as brokers, however, maintain thattrading for their own accounts is necessary in order to make upfor errors they inevitably make when filling customer orders inchaotic futures trading pits.    "To have an absolute ban on dual trading makes it difficultfor a broker to function because of his errors," said JohnMichael, vice president at First Options of Chicago.    "What it comes down to is the ethics of the people involved,"he said.    Furthermore, the competitive nature of futures brokeragemakes front-running risky to a broker's livelihood, he said.    "If I ever discovered a broker doing it (front-running), oreven suspected him of doing it, I would cut him off," Michaelsaid.    An average broker in the Treasury bond futures pit, forinstance, will fill orders for 5,000 to 10,000 contracts a dayat 1.25 dlrs per contract, floor sources said.  Even figuringwhat is considered a typical 25 pct loss for errors suchbrokerage can be lucrative.    Front-running by brokers not only runs the market risk ofan adverse price move, but also the risk of losing thebrokerage business, Michael said. Reuter&#3;