Some of the United States' largestaerospace firms are competing with some of the world's mostpowerful nations for a chance to cash in on the comingcommercialization of space.      The newest space race is for contracts to launchprivately owned satellites into orbit - a business expected tobe worth two billion to five billion dlrs annually in a fewyears.    The growing opportunities to make money in space will behighlighted this month when the U.S. National OceanicAtmospheric Administration seeks lucrative commercial bids tolauch future weather satellites, ending its long-standingdependence on the National Aeronautics and SpaceAdministration.    Companies and countries with established satellitelaunching operations may also get a jump on eventuallyproviding other space-based services, particularly if theproposed international manned space station is launched asplanned in the early 1990s.    The 12 billion dlr space station, first proposed byPresident Reagan in 1984, could require as many as 16 cargodeliveries a year, many delivered by private firms. Thepartners in the space station are currently slated to beCanada, Japan, and the 13-nation European Space Agency, thelatter two of which also have or are developing their owncommercial space programs.     Until the Challenger explosion in January 1986, NASA had avirtual lock on the world's commercial space cargo.    But after a re-evaluation of the shuttle program, PresidentReagan declared last August that future U.S. shuttle flightswill no longer carry commercial payloads.    The administration's decision left Arianespace, aFrench-led European consortium, the only option available tosatellite owners and the concern quickly sold out all itsplanned flights through 1989.    The company also raised its prices, from 30,000 dlrs alaunch to 50,000 dlrs, but even the larger price tag did notdampen demand. Arianespace sighned 18 new contracts last year,compared with 11 in 1985.    Those kind of tariffs have caused even non-capitalistcountries to try and get a piece of the action.    China, the Soviet Union and Japan have all announcedsatellite launch programs and several U.S. firms, includingMcDonnell Douglas Corp, General Dynamics Corp and MartinMarietta promised to spend mlns of dollars over the next threeyears to develop their own satellite launch capabilities.    There will be some tremendous pent-up demand for satellitelaunches by then, analysts said. Without Challenger, there wereonly three satellite launches last year, 15 fewer than in 1985and the lowest since 1980, when only two were sent up.    Ariane expects to launch from six to eight satellites ayear for the next three years, about 75 pct of the world'ssatellite launches during that period.     McDonnell Douglas scored the biggest coup of the U.S.firms in January when it won a 734 mln dlr U.S. Air Force pactfor up to 20 unmanned rockets to launch military satellites.The contract is expected to underwrite the company's efforts tobuild rockets for private satellite launches.      Martin Marietta, however, was the first U.S. company tosign up a client, Federal Express Co. Marietta plans to launchan ExpressStar communications satellite in 1989.    Marietta said it will also build a version of its Titanrockets used by the Air Force to other private companies thatwant to get into the satellite launch buisiness.    Arianespace director Charles Bigot said the U.S. companieswill probably become the European firm's biggest competitorsfor satellite launching. He does not expect the national spaceprograms to become commercially viable until the late 1990s.    Japan has expanded its space program, launching 38government-owned satellites in the last 16 years. But most ofthem were small and it was only in February it launched itsfirst satellite that circles the earth over the poles.    Japan also has yet to design and build its own rockets. Thesatellite launched in February was placed in orbit by aMcDonnell Douglas-designed Delta rocket assembled by theJapanese under license.    Tsugo Tadakawa, director of the Washington office ofJapan's National Space Development Agency (NASDA), said Japanplans to launch seven of its H-1 rockets, an American Japanesehybrid that replaces the Delta, through 1991. Its much largersucessor, the H-II, should be ready by 1992, he said.    NASDA's annual budget is only about 800 mln dlrs, Tadakawasaid, about 10 pct the size of NASA's yearly spending.    Still, NASDA is free from private competition at home andhas the full support of the government, since aerospace waschosen by the Ministry of Trade and Information as one of thecountry's new industries for the next decade.     Surprisingly, the People's Republic of China, a relativenewcomer to aerospace, is so far the most successful competitorto Ariane.    The country's Great Wall Industry Corp is the only nationalprogram besides the European consortium to win a privatesatellite contract. It will launch a Westar communicationssatellite for New-York based Terasat in 1988. Reuter&#3;