Canada's major banks will likely facestiff pressure to declare their Brazilian loans non-performingif, as expected, major U.S. banks take similar action after theend of their first quarter tomorrow, analysts said.    American bankers said last week that slow progress in debttalks with Brazil increased the likelihood that U.S. bankswould soon declare their Brazilian loans non-performing.    Such action "would put a lot of pressure on the Canadianbanks to do the same," Levesque, Beaubien Inc Toronto-based bankanalyst Donna Pulcine told Reuters.    "They (banks) like to appear to be conservative," saidPulcine, "and if a major bank puts loans on a non-performingbasis and the Canadian banks don't, there is going to be a lotof pressure from shareholders as to why one bank is consideringthe loans non-performing and another bank is not."    Wood Gundy Inc bank analyst Patricia Meredith said anywillingness by a major Brazilian bank creditor such as Citicorp&lt;CCI> to declare its Brazilian loans non-performing rather thanlet Brazil dictate settlement terms would provide a compellingexample for other creditor banks.    "In order to make that strategy work, they (Citicorp) haveto have the support of the other banks," said Meredith.    Bank analyst Michael Walsh at First Marathon Securities Ltdsaid at least one Canadian bank, which he declined to identify,"wants to put (the Brazilian loans) on a non-performing basisand is trying to encourage the others to take that position."    Canadian banks are owed about seven billion Canadian dlrsby Brazil, which late last month suspended interest payments onits 68 billion U.S. dlr foreign bank debt.    Banks in Canada, although allowed to wait up to 180 daysbefore declaring loans on which they are receiving no interestas non-performing, usually move on such loans within 90 days.They could therefore delay action on the Brazilian loans untillate May, which falls in Canadian banks' third quarter endingJuly 31.    &lt;Bank of Montreal>, Brazil's largest Canadian bankcreditor, said last week it was not currently consideringdeclaring its 1.98 billion dlrs of Brazilian loans asnon-performing.    "I think that is just for the benefit of the public," Walshsaid of Bank of Montreal's statement.     Some analysts predicted minimal earnings impact on Canadianbanks from a move to declare the Brazilian loansnon-performing.    They said Brazil would likely resume interest payments bythe banks' fiscal year-end on October 31, thus allowing banksto recoup their lost interest income.    "From what Brazil has said, it is quite likely the bankswill get the money," said Meredith. "My outlook at this point isoptimistic that there will be no adjustment for the full-year'searnings."    Meredith forecast 1987 fully diluted per share earnings of3.80 dlrs for &lt;Royal Bank of Canada> compared with 3.74 in1986; 4.30 dlrs for &lt;Bank of Montreal> compared with 3.59; 2.25dlrs for &lt;Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce> compared with2.23;  2.15 dlrs for &lt;Bank of Nova Scotia> compared with 1.94,and 2.85 dlrs for &lt;Toronto Dominion Bank> against 2.74.    She forecast 1.90 dlrs for &lt;National Bank of Canada>against 3.30 dlrs before a two for one stock split.    Analyst Pulcine said she might lower full-year earningsestimates for the banks by between two cts and 10 cts a share,assuming a possible settlement reduced Brazil's interest costs.    "If the banks didn't receive anything for the rest of thefiscal year, the impact could range from 16 cts to 70 cts ashare. But I don't see that as a likely scenario," Pulcine said.    Walsh at First Marathon suggested, however, that theBrazilian debt situation was so complex that "it could drag onbeyond one full fiscal year."    He said he foresaw having to lower his 1987 fiscal earningsforecasts for the banks. He estimated that Brazil's yearlyinterest payments to Canadian banks totaled about 575 mln dlrsor about 10 pct of their total 1986 pre-tax earnings. Reuter&#3;