Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F> expectscurrency factors to cause a further drop in its U.S. Sales in1987 following a 5.2 pct sales decline in the United States in1986, board member Karl-Heinz Briam said.    Briam, who described the current situation of the U.S.Market as critical, also said VW was uncertain whether it wouldbe able in 1987 to fully match its record 1986 European sales.    In 1986 the VW group, which includes Audi AG &lt;NSUG.F>,delivered a record 981,000 vehicles to European markets outsideof West Germany, a rise of 5.1 pct against 1985, Briam told aregular quarterly meeting of the Wolfsburg plant's workforce.    Briam said sales conditions in Europe had generally becomemore difficult in 1987 because of weaker growth rates andfiercer competition in the region.    Briam gave no forecast for VW domestic sales. But he saidcar sales in West Germany for all manufacturers combined wouldprobably fall by a slight three to four pct from 1986's record2.73 mln because car sales in West Germany had likely passedtheir peak for this business cycle.    Summing up his predictions, Briam said limits to growthwere becoming apparent on the VW group's most important marketsbut there were no grounds for great worries.    The automobile industry, as far as VW was concerned, hadentered its fourth consecutive good year, with VW's incomingorders and sales remaining favourable overall, he said.    Briam, who is VW's director of labour relations, also saidVW currently had no plans for further increases in itsworkforce.    He told the plant's workforce that aninternationally-active company like VW must be able to adjustto changed economic conditions and manage situations in whichunfavourable currency relations restrict its room for financialmaneuver.    Briam said VW needed to hold and expand market share inorder to overcome its cost disadvantages compared with some ofits foreign competitors, particularly those in the Far East.    This could only be done if capital-intensive plants wereused as fully as possible, if the workers' qualifications wereraised through comprehensive training and if working hours werearranged so that expensive production plants operated asefficiently and soundly as possible.    The metalworkers union IG Metall has said it plans to pushfor a 35-hour working week in its sector of West Germanyindustry this year.    Walter Hiller, the chairman of VW's works council, told thesame Wolfsburg meeting that a cut in the working week to 35hours was necessary to help reduce unemployment.    He said the works council was prepared to negotiate onmaking working hours more flexible to suit the needs of boththe company and the workforce.    A seven-week strike by IG Metall in the summer of 1984 fora 35-hour week in the West German metal industry ended in acompromise that cut hours to 38.5 hours but also allowed eachcompany in the industry to decide, in consultation with theworkforce, how the reductions should be made. REUTER&#3;