At a time when Britain is threateningto revoke the license of Japanese banks in retaliation forrestrictive trade practices, Hong Kong is rolling out thewelcome mat to Japan.    The British colony last week issued a banking licence tothe Bank of Fukuoka Ltd, making it the 24th Japanese bank here.    Japan has the largest banking contingent in Hong Kong,followed by the U.S. With 22 banks. Eleven Japanese banks haverepresentative offices here and Japanese institutions operate34 deposit-taking companies (DTCs).    Assistant banking commissioner K.K Wong told Reuters: "Thereare no special favours towards the Japanese...But because ofJapan's strong economy and currency, they easily meet ourrequirement on assets (14 billion U.S. Dlrs)."    The Japanese control the largest share of assets of thefinancial institutions here but incorporated elsewhere, with980.5 billion H.K. Dlrs at end-1986, or 57.5 pct of the total.    "Hong Kong authorities welcome Japanese banks," said HaruoKimura, assistant general manager of the Bank of Tokyo. "But theU.S. And Britain are unhappy with the slow liberalisation ofthe Tokyo financial market."    Japanese bankers said Hong Kong offers good businessopportunities, especially in China trade, to Japanese banks whoare following their clients' international expansion.    "As their clients become more international, they have tokeep up and follow them," said Yutaka Toda, Dai-Ichi KangyoBank's general manager here.    "We can have access to local traders and regionalcorporations," said Bank of Tokyo's Kimura. "We can also pick upbusiness with China."    Bankers said more Japanese banks are on the way. An influxof Japanese banks began in the late 1970s when the governmentlifted a moratorium on new licences. But newcomers are allowedone branch each and only the Bank of Tokyo, Sanwa Bank andSumitomo Bank have more than one branch.    Because of this limitation, Japanese banks have mostlyconcentrated on wholesale business.    "It is very difficult to compete with those giants such asthe Hongkong Bank and the Bank of China," said Kimura of theBank of Tokyo.    Bank of Tokyo has the largest Japanese bank network herewith seven branches, while Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corpand the Bank of China groups each have hundreds of branches.    To broaden their client and deposit base, some Japanesebanks have taken equity in local banks. The latest such movewas Dai-Ichi Kangyo's increase of its stake in Chekiang FirstBank last year to 95 pct from 33 pct.    Tokai Bank, Fuji Bank and Mitsubishi Bank also haveinterests in small local banks.    But Mitsubishi, not content with its single-branch licenceand a 25 pct stake in the small Liu Chong Hing Bank, boughtMercantile Bank Ltd's multi-branch licence early this year.    "We will open one more branch in (Hong Kong's district of)Kowloon soon, to better serve our clients on the other side ofthe harbour," said Mitsubishi Bank general manager TakeshiTange.    Their weakness in the retail market forces Japanese banksto rely on the interbank market for funding.    Government data show that despite their large share oftotal assets, Japanese banks had only 54.4 billion dlrs indeposits at end-1986, or 17.1 pct of deposits of banks in HongKong incorporated elsewhere.    "Most Japanese banks' international lendings in the regionare booked in Hong Kong," said a Japanese banker who declined tobe named.    He said it is mainly for tax reasons, adding that assetssuch as loans booked in Hong Kong are not subject to Japanesetax.    Japanese banks are barred by the Tokyo government fromissuing Eurobonds, but their Hong Kong subsidiaries can tap theEuromarket and lend the funds to the parent.    Bankers said this role could be undermined by a five pctcapital adequacy ratio that goes into effect next year,requiring many DTC's to increase their capital. Many Japanesebanks are seeking special treatment for their largely offshoreoperations or a different risk calculation for their assets.    "I don't think this will stop them from coming here," said abanker. "But it may mean they have to conduct some of theiroffshore funding operations elsewhere." REUTER&#3;