U.S. soybean lobbyists andcongressional aides criticized a proposal from a seniorAgriculture Department official that Congress allow the U.S.soybean loan level to be officially lowered to 4.56 dlrs perbushel next year.    "I don't know who in Congress would propose that happening.Politically it would be totally unacceptable," an aide to asenior farm-state senator said.    USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz said this week thatCongress should give USDA authority to keep the soybean loan at its current effective rate of 4.56 dlrs per bushel ratherthan increasing it to its minimum allowed level of 4.77 dlrs.    "I'm convinced that Congress will not go along with this,"American Soybean Association President Dave Haggard said.    Amstutz told reporters following a senate hearing that ifthe soybean loan rate were 4.56 dlrs, USDA could then considerways to make U.S. soybeans more competitive.    His comments were seen as possibly indicating what the  theadministration's position is in the debate over what should bedone to make soybeans competitive and at the same time protectsoybean farmers' income.    Using soybean specific certificates to further buydown theloan rate or implementation of a marketing loan have beenpointed to as the most effective ways to get soybean pricescompetitive. USDA secretary Richard Lyng, however, continues tomaintain his opposition to a marketing loan, saying such a movewould be too costly.    "There will be alot of other options that will beconsidered before Congress looks at that one (the Amstutzproposal," said Bill O'Conner, aide to Rep. Edward Madigan(R-Ill), ranking minority leader of the Agriculture Committee.    "Anybody representing large groups of soybean producerswould not be very excited about supporting a lower soybeanloan," O'Conner said.    Congress may very likely look at the soybean loan anddecide that they cannot increase it from its current 5.02 dlrbasic rate, but that there has to be something mandated toincrease soybean's competitiveness, David Graves, aide to Sen.Thad Cochran (R-Miss) said. Cochran, a staunch supporter of asoybean marketing loan, would support a soybean loan of 5.02 or4.77 dlrs with a certificate buydown, Graves said. Reuter&#3;