After a week that left his presidencyshaken and his popularity at a new low, Ronald Reagan and hisnew chief of staff today begin trying to revive anadministration tattered by the Iran-contra arms scandal.    Reagan and former Senate Republican leader Howard Baker,whose appointment as White House chief of staff won bipartisanpraise, will begin mapping strategy to deal with scathingcriticism by a report on his failed bid to trade U.S. arms withIran for help in freeing Ameican hostages in Lebanon.    Among the chores facing Reagan's new inner circle isassessing the damage the 300-page Tower commission report hasdone to the nomination of Robert Gates to succeed William Caseyas the new head of the Central Intelligence Agency.    White House officials are checking to see how much supportGates, a 43-year old career spy agency bureaucrat, would haveif his nomination is submitted to the full Senate for a vote,Senate Republican leader Robert Dole said.    Appearing on the NBC News program, "Meet the Press," theKansas senator said the Gates nomination "could be in somedifficulty."    Aides said that Gates' future would be given high priorityby Baker.    Even though he was not deeply implicated in the arms salescandal, lawmakers said Senate confirmation of the Gatesnomination is not assured and, even if won, would come onlyafter months of congressional probes into the affair.    "He has the smell of Iran on him," said former Nevada Sen.and Reagan confidant Paul Laxalt. "He is a victim."    Laxalt, appearing on the ABC News program, "This Week WithDavid Brinkley," bluntly admitted "the Gates nomination is introuble." Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn saidthe odds are now slightly against confirmation of Gates.    When asked on the syndicated television program, "JohnMcLaughlin: One on One," if he thought Gates would be confirmed,the Georgia Democrat shot back: "I wouldn't bet any money on it.    "I think this report hurts that," Nunn said. "It indicatesthat the National Security Council had policy-type influenceover intelligence-type activities and we're going to go intothat with Mr. Gates.    Only a day after it was issued last week, the Tower reportprompted the abrupt exit of Donald Regan as White House chiefof staff.    Regan, the former Wall Street executive and Treasurysecretary who has been the president's top aide for the pasttwo years, was assigned the lion's share of the blame for thebotched handling of the Iran arms sale.    The report blamed Regan for the "chaos that descended on theWhite House" since it was first revealed last November thatprofits from the Iran arms sales had been diverted to contrarebels fighting the leftist Nicaraguan government.    The two other victims of the scandal are former NationalSecurity Adviser Vice Adm. John Poindexter who resigned andMarine Lt. Col. Oliver North who was fired after it wasdisclosed last November 23 that profits from the Iran arms salewere diverted to the contras. The two, pictured by the Towercommission as the key operators of the Iran arms deal, haverefused to testify.    Reagan, who freely admits disliking details, is portrayedin the Tower report as a befuddled chief executive whoseinattention let his aides run away with his foreign policy.    That perception has wrecked Reagan's popularity andthreatened to condemn him to lame duck status until he leavesoffice in January 1989. A recent Newsweek magazine poll foundthat just 40 pct of Americans approved of Reagan's leadership,a record low, and a third believed he should considerresignation.    After meeting with aides over the weekend and poring overthe meaty report of the commission headed by former Texas Sen.John Tower, Reagan is now preparing for a nationwide televisionaddress this week to respond to the criticisms of hispresidency. Reuter&#3;