Yugoslavia, which refinanced part ofits 19.7 billion dlr debt in talks with creditor governmentslast week, has begun talks with banks on rescheduling itscommercial debt, the official Tanjug news agency said.    The talks began in Washington yesterday and Tanjug said thegeneral attitude of the banks was "favourable."    At the same time, other Tanjug reports showed Yugoslavia ishaving difficulties in obtaining a 600 mln ECU loan from theEuropean Community (EC) and in receiving money owed to Yugoslavfirms by Middle Eastern countries.    The Western creditor governments and Kuwait agreed on March31 to refinance 475 mln dlrs of Yugoslavia's debt due in 1987and 1988. This made possible the talks with commercial banks.    Tanjug said sources close to the Yugoslav delegation saidthe initial reaction of commercial banks was favourable despitetheir continued insistence on "technical and legal elements."    It said it was believed that a commercial debt reschedulingwould be formally agreed in the next few weeks. Bank debtaccounts for about 70 pct of Yugoslavia's overall debt, whichstood at 19.7 billion dlrs at end-1986.    Tanjug said Yugoslavia also discussed with its commercialcreditors the idea of converting some of Yugoslavia's debt intojoint venture investments but it gave no details of this.    It said Deputy Finance Minister Boris Skapin was holdingtalks on this with representatives of Manufacturers HanoverTrust Co., Which coordinates the interests of several hundredbanks in Yugoslav debt negotiations.    In a separate report Tanjug said the EC has so far refuseda Yugoslav request for a 600 mln ECU infrastuctural loan and a100 mln ECU grant from the EC budget. The EC had so far onlyagreed to provide 380 mln ECUs towards transport modernisation.    It said Yugoslav Finance Minister Svetozar Rikanovicyesterday met World Bank and International Monetary Fundofficials in Washington.    It said the World Bank agreed that infrastructural projectsin Yugoslavia should be accelerated and structural adjustmentloans should be agreed this year. REUTER&#3;