A Japanese government investigation teambelieves that faulty repairs by Boeing Co caused the worstsingle plane crash in history, one of the team said.    Boeing Co is the manufacturer of the Japan Air Lines 747jumbo jet which crashed into a mountain in Japan on August 12,1985, killing 520 people. There were only four survivors.    A Boeing spokesman, contacted by telephone at the firm'sheadquarters in Seattle, Washington, told Reuters the firmwould probably have no comment to make until the Japaneseinvestigation team's report was officially released.    The team investigator, a Japanese Transport Ministryofficial who declined to be identified, said a failure byJapanese aircraft inspectors to check the repair work done onthe plane by a Boeing team had provoked an internal debate inthe Ministry over inspection procedures.    The Ministry official told Reuters that a report by histeam, which has already been sent in draft form to the U.S.National Transportation Safety Board for comment, should bereleased in late May. Under an international convention, thedraft must be submitted for final comments to the pertinentauthorities.    Asked on Thursday about Boeing's role in the crash, aMinistry spokesman declined comment.    On September 6, 1985, Boeing issued an official statementsaying that repairs it had undertaken on the doomed Japan AirLines plane in 1978 were faulty.    However, no official, direct connection was then madebetween the faulty repairs and the crash.    The Japanese investigation team says in its draft reportthat it believes those faulty repairs were the cause of the1985 accident, the investigator said.    The Boeing statement after the crash said: "Examination ofthe wreckage, the flight data recorder readout, the cockpitvoice recorder, and interviews with the surviving off-dutyflight attendant indicate that decompression occurred in flightdue to a rupture of the aft pressure bulkhead.    "The Boeing examination of the bulkhead at the site of thecrash has revealed that a relatively small section of thebulkhead splice, approximately 17 per cent, was not correctlyassembled during repairs which Boeing made after a 1978 landingaccident," the statement said.    The repairs were required after a 1978 landing accident atOsaka airport, in western Japan, in which the plane's tailscraped the runway.    The Japanese report also mentions the government inspectorswho in 1978 signed a certificate of airworthiness approving therepairs, he said.    Police had investigated four inspectors, including one manwho two weeks ago killed himself by drinking insecticide afterfour days of police questioning.    "None of the four had looked at Boeing's repair work," theinvestigator said. REUTER&#3;