&lt;Allied-Lyons PLC> will reportsubstantial growth in the second half of fiscal 1987 endedMarch 7, chairman Derrick Holden-Brown said in answer toreporters' queries.    "You will certainly see substantial growth in Allied-Lyonsin the second half," Holden-Brown said following a presentationto Toronto securities analysts.    Holden-Brown declined to say whether second half growth inprofit before taxes would exceed the 20.7 pct rise reported inthe first half. Allied-Lyons had first half profit of 148.0 mlnstg, up from 122.6 mln stg in the prior year.    Allied-Lyons will also have a full year extraordinary costof slightly more than seven mln stg for defence costsassociated with Elders IXL Ltd's failed take-over bid for thecompany, Holden-Brown also said.    But that cost will be more than offset by an extraordinarygain of about 60 mln stg on Allied-Lyons' sale of its 24.9 pctinterest in Australian brewers Castlemaine Toohey, he said.    "So with Australians, you win some and you lose some. Buthopefully you win them all in the end," Holden-Brown said.    Asked if he thought Allied-Lyons is vulnerable to othertake-over attempts, Holden-Brown replied: "No, I don't."    "We must never be complacent and we must always be verywatchful, but I think we would be very expensive," he said.    Holden-Brown said Allied-Lyons' share price to corporateearnings ratio is now comparable with other leading companiesin the food and beverage industry.    "That was not the case two years ago. If the Australians hadcome a little bit earlier, they might have had more luck, Ithink," Holden-Brown said.    Holden-Brown said Allied-Lyons' move to acquire HiramWalker-Gooderham and Worts Ltd in March, 1986 during Elderstake-over bid for the company was "100 pct a growth action."    "We knew when we did it that it could be misconstrued, andthat people almost inevitably would say (the acquisition was)defensive, but it never was," Holden-Brown told reporters.    Asked by securities analysts if Allied-Lyons plans a shareissue in Canada after acquiring a 51 pct interest in HiramWalker, Holden-Brown responded: "Plan might be too strong aword. But I must say I do feel the need for Allied-Lyons to bebetter known in Canada." Reuter&#3;