The chairman of the Senate Agriculturesubcommittee on credit said the panel will consider a farmcredit rescue package by Easter even if the system and itsregulator do not ask for help by then.    "We're going to have a bill to markup, I guarantee you,before the Easter recess," Sen. David Boren (D-Okla.) said.    Senate Majority leader Robert Byrd (D-W.Va.) wantsrecommendations on farm credit presented by April 11, whenCongress is scheduled to break for Easter, Boren said.    Boren urged the Farm Credit Administration (FCA), thesystem's regulator, to quickly make a formal request for aid.    Under the 1985 Farm credit law passed by Congress, the FCA,as regulator, is to certify when the system has exhausted allits capital and needs federal government help.    However, FCA chairman Frank Naylor said because much of thesystem's remaining capital is tied-up in legal action,he could not technically certify a rescue is needed this yearand perhaps not even in 1988. The other Republican member ofthe three-man FCA board, Marvin Duncan, agreed.    But Boren urged that even if FCA cannot technically certifyaid is needed, it should request help informally.    "We all know we need a capital infusion," Boren said.    Boren and the FCA officials spoke at a hearing on theplight of the farm credit system. Also at the hearing, BrentBeesely, chief executive of the Farm Credit Councilrepresenting the system, said that at the end of 1986 thesystem had only 1.5 billion dlrs in working capital remainingafter losses of 4.6 billion dlrs over the last two years.    While he did not ask for government aid, Beesley indicatedthe situation is serious in some of the 12 system districts.    "A significant number of banks and associations in the mosteconomically depressed areas have and will continue to sufferextraordinary losses," Beesley said.    Jim Billington, Democratic member of the FCA board, saidthe troubles of the system have encouraged the flight of someone billion dlrs per month from the system as borrowers repayloans.    The system's total portfolio shrank to 54.6 billion dlrs bythe end of last year from 66.6 billion the previous year.    FCA board members said both borrowers and holders of bondsin the system need to be assured their money is safe. Naylorsuggested the need for a federal assurance to bondholders.    "The bondholders have no worry at this time," Billingtonsaid.    Naylor said several proposals for revamping the farm creditsystem are circulating. The proposals range from consolidationof the system into a centralized national lender, tode-centralizing into semi-independent institutions.    But He and the system spokesman Beesley were cautious aboutproposals for a secondary market on farm loans. Thoseproposals would package farm loans for resale to investors.    Naylor and Beesley said a secondary market set-up outsidethe farm credit system would hurt the system. But Beesley saida secondary market with the farm credit system as its agentcould be developed without Congressional legislation. Reuter&#3;