Equities drifted lower after the easieropening on Wall Street, but the London market was depressedfrom the outset on lack of interest and a feeling thatyesterday's gains were overdone, dealers said.    Much of today's business was inter-professional, butdealers noted that despite today's falls and low volume themarket still had a firm, although cautious, undertone. At 1430GMT the FTSE 100 index was down 8.1 points at 1,981.5 comparedwith an opening 1,987.4.    Concern over the possibility of a trade war with Japan,although less pronounced, provided further caution.    Yesterday, the Japanese finance ministry made moves to tryand dispel fears of a trade war by saying it will help toexpand the Tokyo Stock Exchange membership to facilitateforeign membership.    However, British corporate affairs minister Michael Howardhas told Japan to resolve the row over Cable and Wireless'shareholding in a new Japanese telecommunications company orface an abrupt deterioration in trade relations.    Cable and Wireless, which has been at the centre of thetrade row, was up 2p at 372.    The latest media opinion polls helped to underpin prices asthey strengthened the belief that the ruling Tory party willwin the next U.K. General election. Although there is stilluncertainty over the timing of the election, most dealerspolled by Reuters this afternoon thought that June would be themost likely time.    A poll conducted for the breakfast television programmeTV-AM showed the Conservatives 13 points ahead of theOpposition Labour Party, while a poll in the Times newspaper,which measured party support in 73 key marginal seats, gave theTories a lead of six points over the labour opposition.    Market leader ICI stood unchanged at 1,335 but IC Gasslipped 14p to 752 on profit-taking after yesterday's stonggain while Jaguar rose 15p to 590 mainly on U.S demand ahead ofa motor show in New York.    Pharmaceuticals had Wellcome down 23p to 397 on furtherprofit-taking in the wake of adverse press comment on the sideeffects of its "Retrovir" aids drug. London International Groupgained 13p to 301 as operators switched out of Wellcome.    Extel lost a net 26p to 464 in the wake of yesterday's newsthat Robert Maxwell's British Printing and Communications Corpwould not be making a bid for the company.    In a generally easier oil sector, BP fell 18p to 912 afteryesterday's statement by Standard Oil that it considered BP's70 dlrs per share tender offer for the 45 pct of the company itdoes not already own as "inadequate."    In banks, Standard Chartered lost 4p to 820 after itsrecent gains on the back of bid rumours, but dealers notedpress speculation that Australian businessman Robert HolmesA'Court had increased his stake in the company yesterday.    Many operators expect Lloyds bank to renew its offer forStandard once its one year bid limit ends in July, althoughsome dealers thought this unlikely. Lloyds gained 1p to 488.    Elsewhere, industrial group Norcros gained 9p to 448 onspeculation of a bid for the company, while food retailer Tescoadded 2p to 475 after extending its 151 mln stg contested bidfor Hillards Plc until May 1. Hillards was a penny up at 314.    Government bonds stood generally lower in late trading withprices drifting down on a lack of interest. Gilts gained around5/16 point at the outset on the back of the opinion polls.    Equities tended to move up in later quiet trading as WallStreet rallied from its early lows. At 1556 GMT the FTSE 100was down just 4.7 points at 1,984.9 after a low of 1,977.2 at1354 GMT.    Dealers said most in the market appear to expect shareprices to move higher tomorrow, but volume will remainrelatively light ahead of an announcement of the election date.    They said given the thin trading conditions the market'smovements will be volatile in the coming few sessions. REUTER&#3;