The dollar straight sector of theeurobond market ended easier after a subdued day's trading asU.S. Banks began to match yesterday's surprise 1/4 point primerate hikes by Citibank and Chase Manhattan Bank, dealers said.    The prime rates were raised to 7-3/4 from 7-1/2 pct and thetiming of the moves puzzled many dealers. However, reactionhere was limited, with shorter dated paper ending steady to 1/4point easier, while longer dates dipped by 1/4 to 1/2 point.    In the primary market, activity again centred on currenciesother than the U.S. Dollar, dealers noted.    One dollar straight dealer at a U.S. Securities housecommented "There was, in fact, the odd retail buyer today, butonly in small sizes." He added that, ironically, the prime raterises may help the market to stabilise since the dollar rose onthe back of the news.    The only U.S. Dollar deal launched during the day was, ashas been the case recently, equity linked. The 15-yearconvertible bond was for the Bank of Tokyo Ltd and has anindicated coupon of two pct. One source at a house involved inthe deal said, "It's got to be a blow-out. With a name like thisyou're talking about Japan Inc."    The lead manager was the Bank of Tokyo International (BOTI)and the deal ended far above the par issue price at 108 109pct. A BOTI official said "We've had worldwide interest in thedeal."    She noted the Tokyo stock market had experienced a mildcorrection at the beginning of the week but that bank stockswere hardly affected.    The yen sector edged slightly firmer and one new straightdeal was launched, a 20 billion yen bond for France's CaisseNationale des Telecommunications. The state guaranteed fiveyear bond pays 4-3/8 pct and was priced at 101-1/2 pct.    The issue was lead managed by IBJ International Ltd and wasquoted on the grey market at less 1-7/8 less 1-3/4 pct comparedwith the total fees of 1-7/8 pct. One syndicate official at afirm not involved in the deal said "It's tight, but overall Iwould say its fairly priced."    Also launched was a five-year zero coupon bond with a totalredemption amount of 19 billion yen for Rural Banking andFinance Corp of New Zealand. It was priced at 81.22 pct andlead managed by Nomura International.    In the Australian dollar sector, GMAC (Australia) FinanceLtd issued a 50 mln Australian dlr bond.    Hambros Bank Ltd was lead manager for the four-year dealwhich pays 14-1/4 pct and was priced at 101 pct. It wasguranteed by General Motors Acceptance Corp and was quoted onthe 1-3/4 pct fees at less 1-3/4 pct bid.    McDonalds Corp issued a 75 mln Canadian dlr bond paying8-1/2 pct over five years and priced at 101-5/8 pct. It wasquoted around the 1-7/8 pct fees at less two less 1-3/4 and wasled by Morgan Guaranty Ltd.    The European Investment Bank launched a 300 mln DanishCrown, seven-year, bond withan 11 pct coupon and pricing of 101pct. It was lead managed by Den Danske Bank.    The floating rate note sector basically ended easierfollowing the increase in period eurodollar deposit ratesprompted by the prime rate increases, dealers said. But theynoted that mis-match deals - issues whereby the coupon isre-fixed on a monthly basis - were firmer. REUTER&#3;