Diamond Shamrock executives said thatto reduce the vulnerability to takeover pressures, they want toraise the value of the two companies to be formed by splittingDiamond Shamrock.    "If we can get the price up to the value of the company, wewill not be vulnerable to takeover pressure," said CharlesBlackburn, Diamond Shamrock's president and soon to be chiefexecutive officer of the new exploration and producing companywhose name has not yet been decided. He was visiting New Yorkfor talks with investors.    After successfully countering a takeover bid launched by T.Boone pickens in January, Diamond Shamrock said it wouldspinoff its refining and marketing operation into DiamondShamrock Refining and Marketing Co before its April 30 annualmeeting.    Blackburn told Reuters, "Our advisors told us that a splitwould give a better share value to investors and that themarket would give better multiples for pure refining andmarketing and exploration and production plays."    The two companies are now in the process of organizingthemselves to become "pure plays," the executives said.    Blackburn said the new company would be a pure explorationand production operation and that he was looking to divestnon-oil and gas operations, particularly Diamond Shamrock'scoal operations.    Blackburn said that "we are in talks about coal operationsbut I cannot discuss this further at this time."    He said the company would have a debt-to-capital ratio ofabout 38 pct, which could be paid down over time.    Blackburn said the company would seek to generate furtherinternal savings from rationalizing operations and personnelreductions. He has set a goal of 73 mln dlrs in internalsavings and "we need to get at least 20 mln dlrs of that savingsin 1987," Blackburn said.    "I would rather describe this as savings coming fromeliminating non-essential activities as we purify theexploration and production business."    "There are some people associated with those activities butit is more a matter of cutting and trimming rather thanwholesale changes," Blackburn said.    Blackburn intends to run a tight ship in which dividendswill not initially be paid and the resultant savings investedinto exploration and production.    "Our goal is to find 20 mln barrels a year in the U.S. toreplace our production and I think that we can do this at thelevel we intend to spend," Blackburn said.    "It might be more difficult to find more oil and more oilinternationally at these levels," he added.    Blackburn said that his new company would spend 75 mln dlrsin North America and 90 mln dlrs overseas, mainly Indonesia, inthe search for oil and gas reserves.    In 1986 Diamond Shamrock produced 82,473 mln barrels a dayof oil with 83 pct of that from Indonesia, while gas output was265.6 mln cubic feet a day of which 98 pct was in the U.S.    Blackburn said that he believed he could find oil toreplace this production at low costs which were 4.97 dlrs abarrel worldwide and 3.88 dlrs a barrel in the U.S..    Blackburn also said that the company would be willing tobuy reserves, "if we can find the right producing properties atthe right price".    Blackburn estimated that oil prices will average about 18dlrs a barrel this year with average prices received fornatural gas at 1.57 dlrs per thousand cubic feet.    Blackburn said he currently estimates that at thee pricesfor its products the company will have a cash flow of about 280mln dlrs.    "This will mean a net negative cash flow as we pretty muchspend our cash flow to find more oil and gas."    Blackburn said the company will search for both oil and gas"almost exclusively in estasblished basins".    Roger Hemminghaus, who will be chairman of the new DiamondShamrock Refining and Marketing Co, which last year had salesof approximately 1.6 billion dlrs, told Reuters his company wastaking on some debt.    "We are taking on some 400 mln dlrs new debt with three tierfinancing emphasizing a revolving loan, some term loans andsome unsecured private placement and are now in the latterstages of signing an agreement."    Chemical New York Corp &lt;CHL> is the company's lead bankeron the loan, Hemminghaus said.    That debt will set the company off at a 60 pct debt-to-capital-ratio, which Hemminghaus said "is too much. Toalleviate that we will hold our capital expenditures down andpay down debt so that at the end of two years that ratio willbe reduced to mid 40 pct range."    Hemminghhaus said that cash flow will be "plus or minusabout 100 mln dlrs a year from earnings and depreciation."    In terms of major projects, Hemminghaus said that capitalexpenditures will be 35 mln dlrs to 50 mln dlrs spread over allof the company's projects.    Its major project will be a two year upgrading project onits McKee reinery in the Panhandle at 90,000 bpd ratedcapacity.    The company also has a refinery south of San Antonio whereit will be headquartered with a capacity of 35,000 bpd. Reuter&#3;