Southern Co said it will take anafter-tax charge of 226 mln dlrs against earnings no later thanJanuary 1988 because the projected cost of the Vogtle nuclearpower plant has risen abover the amount which retail customersin Georgia will be asked to pay.    The company's largest subsidiary, Georgia Power Co, saidthe budget for the plant has increased by 6.3 pct, or 522 mlndlrs, to 8.87 billion. However, because of a pledge the madelast year to Georgia's Public Service Commission, the increasedcost will not be included in the utility's retail electricrates.    Geogia Power also said its board has delayed the scheduledcompletion of Vogtle's Unit Two to June 1989 from September1988. Unit Two is about 60 pct complete, it added.    The utility said fuel loading has been completed at UnitOne and the unit is being put through a series of low-powertests before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is asked for afull-power license.    The nuclear power plant, located near Waynesboro, Ga., isco-owned by &lt;Oglethorpe Power Corp>, the Municipal ElectricAuthority of Georgia and the city of Dalton.    Georgia Power said the revised Vogtle budget estimate wasdue to several factors, including additional labor costsincurred to keep the plant's first unit on schedule forcommercial operation by June. The new figure represents thefirst change in the plant's budget since August 1985, when itwas estimated at 8.35 billion dlrs.    In March 1986, the utility told Georgia regulators it would"cap" the price of Vogtle its customers would be asked to payat 3.56 billion dlrs, the company's share of the then projected8.35 billion dlr total. Under the new budget, Georgia Powersaid, its share amounts to 3.87 billion dlrs.    Noting that Georgia Power's share of the Vogtle increase is313 mln dlrs, Southern said this will result in a chargeagainst earnings of 177 mln dlrs after taxes.    In addition, the company said, Georgia Power's contractswith the joint owners require the utility to buy backsignificant amounts of Vogtle capacity during the plant'sinitial years of operation. Under terms of the cap on costs, itwill not attempt to recover the portion of the budget increasethat applies to the buybacks.    This bings the total amount that must be charged againstearnings to 2326 mln dlrs after taxes, Southern said.    Southern said new rules of the Financial AccountingStandards Board, which are effective in January 1988, requireany costs that are determined nonrecoverable to be chargedagainst earnings once that determination is made.    The company also said its board has approved a capitalbudget of 2.1 billion dlrs in 1987, including work on theVogtle project.    It said a 5.9 billion dlr capita budget for the three-yearperiod 1987-1989 was also outlined at the board meeting, notingthis is 700 mln dlrs below the comparable figure for the years1986-1988. Reuter&#3;