A new agreement covering the repaymentof part of South Africa's foreign debt represents a compromisebetween that country and its commercial bank creditorsfollowing several weeks of intense and difficult negotiations,senior banking sources said.    In Pretoria, Reserve Bank Governor Gerhard De Kock termedthe agreement a "good deal" for both South Africa and the banks.    But as one senior banker noted, "It is probably the best wecould hope for. We (the banks) wanted more money and they (theSouth Africans) didn't want to pay."    The new agreement will extend for three years thestandstill arrangement that has been in place since August 1985and which was due to expire on June 30.    Depending on the maturity of the various debts, banks willreceive on July 15 repayments representing three pct of thearrears and the overdue debt covered by the standstill.    It also will require the repayment over the life of thestandstill of another 10 pct of the overdue debt spread oversix month invervals and depending on the maturity of thevarious debts for a total of slightly more than 1.4 billiondlrs.    Last year South Africa repaid about 500 mln dlrs out of the14 billion dlrs covered by the standstill. At the time, bankershad argued - unsuccessfully - for a larger repayment given thecountry's trade surplus of 2.5 billion dlrs.    Bankers had hoped that this time they could secure an evenlarger repayment of around one billion dlrs. Although there hadbeen speculation that the standstill would be extended forthree years, many did not believe that a long term pact wouldbe acceptable to U.S. banks. Those banks have taken a hard linein the negotiations because of America's strong anti-apartheidpolicies.    The agreement reached today differs very little from theone reached a little over a year ago. However, it does includeone moderation of an option contained in that pact whichintroduces yet another "catchphrase" into the jargon forreschedulings.    The new agreement contains an "exit vehicle" under whichbanks can convert their debt into 10 year loans. Under theprevious agreement banks were only given options for three yearloans.    While the option may be unpalatable to the U.S. banks, itcould offer others a potential repayment of slightly more thanhalf their investment over the next seven years.    To convert the debts, a bank would have to find a borrowerlooking for a loan with a 10-year maturity and then negotiateindividually the interest rates to be charged.    The loans would not represent any new money and as the loanwould be the obligation of the new borrower there would be arepayment stream that could give the bank as much as 52 pct offace value by year seven, one banker said.    Bankers suggested that depending on a banks' political andeconomic forecasts for South Africa, if it decided to take theoption it may not have much difficulty finding such borrowers.They noted that South Africa's Public Investment Commission isan active borrower in this area of the market.    Today's agreement was reached between South Africa's chiefdebt negotiator Chris Stals, who chairs its StandstillCoordinating Commmittee and representatives of the 12 banks onthe commercial bank technical committee.    The bankers said that telexes will be sent today to thecountry's other 330 bank creditors and that documentationcovering the proposal will be mailed out shortly.    Because of the banks' sensitivity to South Africa'sapartheid regime, the previous negotiations were conducted withFritz Leutwiler, the former head of the Swiss National Bank,acting as mediator.    Leutwiler was not involved with these talks and has notinvolved himself in the negotiations since last year, thebankers said.    Last time, the banks sent their responses on the proposalto Leutwiler who in turn notified the South Africans. This timethe procedure will be less structured and will be up to theindividual banks as to how they wish to handle it.    Although talks had been held in recent weeks between theSouth Africans and the banks, the completion of the agreementon the repayments took many in the financial community bysurprise.    A review of South Africa's economy by the technicalcommittee's economic sub-committee was to be held in Februarywhile the talks for the rescheduling were due to start sometime this month or next month.    However, the bankers said that because of all the publicitywhich surrounds South African debt negotiations, the meetingswere kept secret. Reuter&#3;