The Reagan administration is totallyopposed to recent Democratic suggestions that securitiestransactions should be taxed to help curb the budget deficit,an administration official said in an interview.    "We're totally opposed to a securities transfers tax. Itwould impair the efficiency of some of the most efficientmarkets in the world," he said. He declined to be named.    In recent days House Speaker Jim Wright, a Texas Democrat,has called for such a tax to raise the 20 billion dlrs heestimates is needed to meet legal deficit reduction targets.    "It would fall primarily in my view not on wealthyindividuals but on middle income people who occasionally investand trade. So I think it's a very bad idea," said the official,who is an administration economic policy-maker.    The official also rejected a suggestion by Wright that theadministration delay next year's cut in top tax rates, calledfor in the recently-passed overhaul of the U.S. Tax system.    "It is breaking faith with the American people ... It wouldbe a real breach of faith," he said.    The Gramm-Rudman Hollings law calls for a balanced budgetby 1991, but its power has been reduced in the Supreme Court.    Wright and other Democrats say even if they pass PresidentReagan's budget proposals for the fiscal year starting thisOctober, they would miss by some 20 billion dlrs the 108billion dlr target for the budget deficit set under theGramm-Rudman law.    The administration puts the deficit at 173.2 billion dlrsin the current fiscal year and claims that spending cuts andrevenue increases will achieve the Gramm-Rudman goal.    The official, who is knowlegeable on budget strategy, alsosaid President Reagan was still opposed to a so-called 'budgetsummit' with Congress to resolve the deficit issue.    The suggestion of a 'budget summit' emerged again recentlyafter Democrats and Republicans alike said Reagan needed adeficit reduction package and an arms control accord withMoscow to rebuild his presidency after the Iran arms scandal.    But the official dismissed the budget summit idea as anattempt by the Democrats to secure a tax increase. He accusedthem of being overly critical before they had written their ownbudget proposal, due out on April 1.    "It's easier to write a book review than it is to write abook. We've written a book and the Democrats are writing a bookreview every day. Let's see their book," he said. REUTER&#3;