Deregulation of Japan's oil industry couldmean hardship for smaller firms and lead to their merging intobigger refining and marketing groups, industry sources said.    They said the relaxation of controls was now under reviewby the Petroleum Council, an advisory panel to the Ministry ofInternational Trade and Industry (MITI).    A spokesman for a major firm said, "Deregulation would bringabout a reorganization. If it's a by-product of freercompetition, we have no choice but to accept it."    The Council is due to close its discussions on June 12.    The sources said the Council was likely to tell MITI itshould end its 50 year-old protection of the industry. Itshould cut capacity to 3.8 mln barrels per day, about 75 pct ofcurrent capacity. Quotas should end for crude throughput andgasoline output, and oil tariffs should be abolished.    They said deregulation was vital to promote morecompetition and efficiency, and most saw it as inevitable.    "Deregulation is taking place everywhere. Now it's our turnto see if we can survive cut-throat competition," said a sourceat one major Japanese oil company.    A spokesman for a smaller refiner said, "We'll have a hardtime surviving, but that's something we must go through."    "In addition to our streamlining and efficiency programs forthe oil division, we will exert efforts towards branching outfurther into other lines such as real estate and travelagencies," he said.    Larger companies are also streamlining. Nippon Oil Co Ltdwhich had the largest share of refined products sales in theJapanese market in fiscal 1985, cut nine pct of its refiningcapacity in fiscal 1986.    Cosmo Oil Co Ltd, the third largest seller of oil productsin 1985, cut its workforce by some 20 pct last year, aspokesman for the company said.    Between 1984 and 1986, on the recommendation of theCouncil, 13 oil companies were integrated into 11 companieswithin seven refining and marketing groups to improve theefficiency of the industry.    Oil industry sources said this structure was now likely tobe streamlined further into five refining groups.    "MITI means business. It will urge the major seven groups tomerge into five to build up their muscles," a source said.    A MITI official told Reuters he did not rule out thepossibility of further mergers within the Japanese oil industryin the event of the relaxation of oil controls.    He declined to officially confirm or deny that thePetroleum Council had recommended deregulatory measures butsaid that in principal MITI would encourage a move towardsderegulation. REUTER&#3;