The White House denied a report thatthe United States was continuing to ship arms orweapons-related equipment to Iran, but an administrationofficial said there had been non-weapons sales to Tehranthrough commercial channels.    "To the best of our knowledge, there have been no illegalsales from the forbidden munitions list," a White Housespokesman said.    The Defence Department also denied any military supplieshad been sent to Iran since an administration ban late lastyear.    NBC television, quoting U.S. And foreign intelligencesources, reported that the United States had been shippingweapons-related equipment to Iran as recently as last month.    The administration official, who asked not to be named,told Reuters there had been commercial sales of productslicensed by the Commerce Department, which maintains a list ofproducts that can be exported without hurting nationalsecurity.    President Reagan banned arms shipments to Tehran after theIran arms scandal broke last November.    In January Secretary of State George Shultz told the SenateForeign Relations Committee there would be "no more transfers ofU.S.-origin military equipment to Iran, either directly orthrough third parties."    The NBC report said the Pentagon was coordinating shipmentsof anti-aircraft command and control equipment used to directfire of weapons systems.    It said some shipments labelled "machine parts" had movedthrough Ostend, Belgium,on aircraft of the Santa Lucia Airways,which it identified as operated by the U.S. CentralIntelligence Agency (CIA). The CIA refused to comment.    NBC said the equipment was flown to Pakistan and then on toIran by Pakistani civilian and military aircraft.    Later, State Department spokeswoman Sondra McCarty said: "Wecategorically deny that the United States is selling and/orsending any weapons to Iran." She added that Washington was "notdoing anything in connection with the government of Iran whichis not consistent with U.S. Laws or trade policy."    Another administration official, who asked not to beidentified, told Reuters the United States had licensedcommercial sales of low-technology computer equipment to Iran,amounting to about 60 mln dlrs over the last three years. REUTER&#3;