British Telecommunications Plc's &lt;BTY.L>profit growth prospects for the coming years will be reduced byincreasing competition and continued costs for replacing oldtelephone systems, deputy chairman Graeme Odgers said.    Speaking at a news conference on the third quarter resultswhich were released earlier today, Odgers said the companyfaced heavy costs for installing new digital telephone systemsin Britain for three to five years.    He said &lt;Mercury Communications Ltd>, a Cable and WirelessPlc &lt;CAWL.L> subsidiary, was becoming a significant competitor.    Odgers said Mercury was seeking to make inroads into someof British Telecom's most profitable areas.    One company official privately estimated that BritishTelecom still had a 99 pct share of the U.K. Telecommunicationsmarket but feared that this could slip to 95 or 90 pct.    The recent two-and-a-half-week engineering strike, whichlead to some disruption in service, could well have encouragedclients to consider using the Mercury system, Odgers said.    However, he forecast that the last quarter's resultsoverall should not be adversely affected by the walkout.    He calculated salary savings as a result of the strike at50 mln stg and while loss of income on telephone calls shouldbe limited revenue probably dropped on peripheral activities.    But on balance Odgers said that group's financial strength,economies of scale and the fact that it operates in a growthindustry will help produce annual profit increases for theforseeable future.    British Telecom will also seek to expand intomanufacturing, he said, adding that research and developmentexpenditure will rise both in terms of value and compared withthe current proportion of two pct of overall turnover.    Analysts said the company's downbeat forecasts helpedshares dip to 242p in mid-afternoon, down 4p from yesterday'sclose and off an early high of 248p.    Philip Augar of stockbrokers Wood Mackenzie and Co Ltd saidthe market expects slower profit growth, but forecast a sevento eight pct rise in both earnings per share and pretax profitover the next two years. In the 1985/86 financial year, pre-taxprofit rose to 1.81 billion stg from 1.48 billion.    Augar noted that a government-imposed formula linkingcharges to inflation meant that the company's scope for raisingprices was limited as long as inflation remains low. Reuter&#3;