Deputy Foreign Trade Minister JanuszKaczurba told Reuters that Poland would have to diverge fromtraditional Communist bloc centrally-planned economic policiesif it wanted to bring about economic renewal and compete inworld markets.    Stressing his commitment to a series of reforms recentlyintroduced to streamline the economy and boost export-orientedindustry, he also called for an expansion in the role of theprivate sector.    Asked whether the policies the government was advocatingdid not represent a departure from the strictly controlledeconomic model within the Soviet bloc, he said in an interviewwith Reuters "I don't see any alternative but to try to proceedalong the lines of economic reasoning."    He referred specifically to bankruptcies, which he saidwould be "the logical outcome of a more stringent economicpolicy," once the state stopped propping up enterprises toguarantee jobs, regardless of how inefficient they were.    He added, "We should follow the policy of creating a systemwhereby managers will be really responsible for the overalleconomic effect of enterprises. This can be done in one wayonly, through the reduction of subsidies."    But he also noted the need to curtail bureaucracy of branchministries, allow domestic prices to reflect the world market,make foreign exchange rates more realistic, provide incentivesto export-oriented industry and encourage private business.    Kaczurba was talking to Reuters about the effect on theeconomy of U.S. Sanctions imposed in 1982 in response to thesuppression of the Solidarity trade union under martial law.    He acknowledged that Poland's economic decline would add toits problems in trying to regain markets and support fromWestern creditors even after Washington lifted remainingrestrictions and restored Most Favoured Nation trading statuslast month.     Western officials say Polish goods have to be morecompetitive and of better quality in the face of trade wars andprotectionism amongst U.S., Japanese and European competitors.    Reaffirming the government's view that the key to solvingsome of those problems and meeting payments on a 33.5 billiondlr foreign debt lay in increasing hard currency exports,Kaczura said private enterprise could play a greater role.    "I think we could have some 20,000 small private enterprisesactive in export-oriented business if such operators aresuccessfully convinced that the policy towards the (private)sector is stabilised," he said.    Poland already has a more developed private sector thanmost other East European countries.    Among economic reforms already under way, Kaczurba listedeasier access to hard currency profits, tax incentives, accessto investment credits and two devaluations of the zloty toincrease competitivity of prices.    He said such policies had been welcomed by the World Bankand International Monetary Fund, through which Poland is hopingto gain new credits, but Poles were caught in a "vicious circle."    Creditors wanted proof that the policies were directedtowards improving exports, but in order to fulfil theirexpectations Poland first needed fresh inputs, he said. REUTER&#3;