U.S. cotton farmers are likely toplant about 10.6 mln acres in the coming season, based on anaverage of estimates offered by cotton market analysts gearingup for the U.S. Agriculture Department's 1987 plantingintentions report next Tuesday.    The annual report gives cotton traders their first glimpseof what U.S. production might be in the 1987/88 season, whichbegins August 1.    Trade and commission house forecasts ranged from 10.2 to10.9 mln acres.    On March 18 of last year, the USDA reported that cottonfarmers in 1986 intended to plant 9.71 mln acres.    Four months later, the USDA estimated that 9.67 mln acreshad been planted as of June 1. By January, its estimate of 1986planted acreage nationwide was 10.06 mln.    Analysts said their forecasts for even greater acreage in1987 were spurred in part by belief that this year's gooddemand and firm prices will be repeated next year. Analystssaid those factors make cotton a profitable crop.    "With cotton more attractive price-wise, I think there isgoing to be a switch in acreage from soybeans to cotton.Soybeans are dirt cheap," said Lisbeth Keefe of CargillInvestor Services, whose comments were echoed by other cottonmarket specialists.    Changes in the U.S. cotton program also could lead toincreased acreage, analysts said.    They recalled that under the 1986 program, cotton farmerswho used part of their crop as collateral for government loanswere not responsible for the cost of storing that cotton ingovernment warehouses. But under the 1987 plan, the governmentwill not pick up the tab for storage.    Analysts said the change will discourage some farmers fromparticipating in the program, which could result in morecotton. "The cotton program stipulates a mandatory set-aside of25 pct of a farmer's base acreage," noted Judy Weissman ofShearson Lehman Brothers. But farmers who elect not toparticipate in the program are free to plant all the acreage they have.    Some analysts said cotton farmers in the high-yieldingWestern states would be most likely to steer clear of theprogram. "Western acreage should be up at least 20 pct," saidone commission house analyst, whose estimate was based in parton forecasts made by the National Cotton Council during itsannual meeting in late January.    But others disagreed. "I think some Western growers havedecided they should be in the program for security reasons.There's a lot of comfort in knowing you'll be guaranteed thegovernment's loan price of 52.25 cents a lb. Anyone outside theprogram is subject to the wiles of the market," said WalterBrown, market analyst for a major California cotton producer.    Some cotton specialists said their expectations forincreased acreage might not be verified in Tuesday's plantingintentions report. "Anything the USDA is announcing now isbased on information they gathered before their cotton programwas announced (on March 20)," one analyst cautioned. She saidtraders will get a better idea of next year's cotton outputwhen the USDA's planted acreage report is released on July 9.    Brown took that opinion a step further. "I don't thinkplanted acreage is important. What counts is the abandonmentrate," the difference between acreage planted and acreageharvested.    Brown said the abandonment rate this year was "pretty high"at 15.5 pct because of weather problems in key producingstates. "More normal would be about six pct," he said. Reuter&#3;