Brazilian Finance Minister DilsonFunaro, who suspended interest payments to creditor banks twomonths ago, said creditors had to trust him when he said Brazilwould achieve a trade surplus large enough to continueservicing its debt.    Speaking to reporters at the Brazilian Embassy, Funaro saidhe would not seek approval of Brazil's economic program outsidehis country, but added, "At the same time we show credibility,you (the banks) are going to have to trust us."    Asked if creditor banks would accept Brazil's refinancingneeds based on a new economic program not endorsed by theInternational Monetary Fund, Funaro said, "What other options dothey have?...They have to try to see our program."    Funaro, who is in Washington to attend the InterimCommittee and Development Committee meetings of the World Bankand IMF, said he unveiled his refinancing proposals to themajor creditor banks in New York yesterday.    According to Funaro, the creditor banks "agreed on the needto find a solution to the crisis." He did not elaborate.    Funaro said the commercial banks agreed on Brazil's needfor economic growth and added that creditors were aware thatBrazil cannot continue to export the 24 billion dlrs in netcapital that it transferred over the past three years.    He also said that he told bankers about Brazil's needs toensure a seven pct average growth and eight billion to 11billion dlr trade surplus until 1991.    Administration officials familiar with the negotiationssaid Brazil's new economic measures did not make much sensebased on current conditions in that country, and added thatthey saw long and difficult negotiations ahead.    Lewis Preston, chairman of J.P. Morgan and Co. Inc., toldReuters he remains hopeful that Brazil and its foreign bankcreditors will reach a debt rescheduling agreement before theend of the year.    But Preston, who did not attend the meeting between Funaroand creditor banks yesterday, added the onus is still on Brazilto put its economic house in order first.    "They haven't even come up with a plan yet," Preston saidafter Morgan's annual meeting in New York today.    Funaro, however, said most creditor banks hadrepresentatives in Brazil who were well aware of Brazil's neweconomic measures, designed to curb a surge in inflation andspending and a sharp drop in exports.    Funaro called Brazil's program very responsible and verystrong, adding that "it is very different from other years,there has been a tremendous change."    Based on Brazil's current economic situation - suspensionof interest payments on 67 billion dlrs owed to banks, 200 pctinflation and the need of four billion dlrs in new loans everyyear until 1991 - he said he was faced with two options.REUTER...&#3;