&lt;Royal Trustco Ltd>, in a move uniqueamong Canadian trust companies, is pursuing a bold globalexpansion that could someday lift the foreign share of itsyearly earnings to 50 pct, president Michael Cornelissen said.    First Marathon Securities Ltd financial services analystMichael Walsh said Royal Trust's international growth target isattainable. But it "will be a tremendous achievement because... they're going to have to build an international earningsbase larger than the earnings of a lot of significant domestictrust companies," Walsh said.    Global operations, which made up 22 pct of Royal Trust's154 mln dlr 1986 net profit, will post 33 pct profit growththis year against an expected 15 pct jump in total companyprofit, Cornelissen told Reuters in an interview.    He said the foreign share of total profit would rise to 26pct in 1987 and to 44 pct by 1990.    Royal Trust, Canada's second largest trust company withassets of about 19.54 billion Canadian dlrs, has operatedinternationally since 1929 when it opened a London bank.    Its aggressive global strategy began in the 1980s, whenother Canadian trusts, the equivalent of U.S. savings andloans, were focusing on domestic retail banking.    The company's overseas ambitions were whetted by heighteneddomestic competition and impressive growth at its London bankoperations, which attained full British banking powers in 1980,Cornelissen said.    Last year, Royal Trust moved into continental Europe andAsia with its 239 mln Canadian dlr acquisition of Dow ChemicalCo &lt;DOW>'s Dow Financial Services Corp, which included assetmanagement, merchant and private banking companies.    "It was a heaven-sent opportunity," Cornelissen said of theDow Financial acquisition. "We achieved in one year what wouldotherwise have taken five to 10 years to set up."    Cornelissen stressed that Royal Trust would shun directcompetition with major global financial institutions inactivities such as international lending and stock brokerage,in order to exploit "profitable niches" overseas in traditionaltrust activities such as asset management, private banking andadvisory services.    He said that Royal Trust hoped to complete negotiations"before the end of this month" to sell its London-based SavoryMilln brokerage, acquired in the Dow Financial deal.    "The international market is so big and we have such aminiscule share of it that growth opportunities are reallylimited only by our energy and our desire to find morebusiness," he said, adding that in trust-type services, "wedon't think the international markets are well-served."    Aiding Royal Trust's foreign growth are greater foreign investment interest in North America and increased Canadianinvestment abroad, Cornelissen said.    Central to Royal Trust's strategy is Asia, boasting rapideconomic growth and huge pools of Japanese capital, saidCornelissen, whose company administers assets of 71.85 billiondlrs, more than any other Canadian trust.    Citing statistics indicating that by the year 2000, Asiawill contain two-thirds of the world's population and 50 pct ofglobal productive capacity, Cornelissen said, "We knew we hadto be there." Royal Trust's 14 international locations includeoffices in Tokyo, Hong Kong and Singapore. The company alsorecently listed its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.    The Royal Trust president said the company was stressinggrowth within its overseas units, adding he did not foresee anyacquisitions in the "immediate future," although "we have oureyes wide open for the right opportunities."    Asked about Royal Trust's plans for the U.S., which thecompany abandoned with the 1983 sale of its Florida bank units,Cornelissen said the company faced a trust services market wellcovered by hundreds of small regional banks.    "That doesn't mean to say we shouldn't be in the U.S.,"said Cornelissen. "That is probably one area that we willprobably do something with in the next five years."    He said the company would continue to emphasize its homeCanadian market, which Cornelissen and financial servicesanalysts agreed would remain vital to Royal Trust.    Proposed government regulations to allow Canadian banks,trusts, insurance and securities dealers full participation inone another's actitivies will mean more domestic competitionfor Royal Trust, "but not drastically more," Cornelissen said. Reuter&#3;