Resorts International Incsaid it received a proposal from &lt;KSZ Co Inc> under whichholders of Resorts class B stock would receive 140 dlrs a sharein cash and one share of common stock in a new company to beformed through the takeover.    Under the offer, Resorts said holders of its class A shareswould receive 15 dlrs a share in cash and three shares ofcommon stock in the new company.    Resorts said the offer from KSZ calls for a merger ofResorts with RI Acquisition Co Inc, a newly formed Delawarecorporation.    Resorts said that prior to the merger, RI Acquisition wouldbe capitalized with about 100 mln dlrs of debt and about 220mln dlrs of equity.    It said 200 mln dlrs of the equity would be in the form ofspecial preferred stock.    The KSZ offer, Resorts said, indicates that KSZ has acommitment from &lt;M. Davies Cos> to buy all of the specialpreferred stock.    Resorts said the offer will expire at 1700 EST on March 27.It said it asked its investment advisor, Bear, Stearns and Co,to advise its board on the offer.    Earlier this month, the estate of James M. Crosby andcertian members of his family agreed to sell their class Bshares to New York real estate tycoon Donald Trump for 135 dlrsa share. The estate and family members hold 78 pct of the752,297 class B shares outstanding.    Trump also agreed to pay 135 dlrs a share for the remainingclass B shares outstanding.    Resorts also has about 5,680,000 shares of outstandingclass A stock. These shares carry one one-hundredth the votingpower of the class B shares.    Trump's offer beat out a rival bid of 135 dlrs a share madeby Pratt Hotel Corp &lt;PRAT>.    Resorts said that under the proposal made by KSZ, existingclass A and class B shareholders would control about 96 pct ofthe outstanding common of the new company formed to acquireResorts.    Resorts said the new company, upon completion of themerger, would hold the 220 mln dlrs of debt and that thespecial preferred stock would immediately be converted intoexchangeable participating preferred of the new company.    This preferred, Resorts said, would pay a dividend based onthe net cash flows from the new company's Paradise Islandoperations.    A Resorts spokesman said the KSZ offer was made in atwo-page letter and that Resorts could not comment on itbecause it did not contain enough information. Resorts hasasked Bear, Sterns to obtain complete data, he said.    The spokesman said Resorts is not familiar with KSZ butthat it believes the company is controlled by Marvin Davis, theDenver oilman.    Calls to Davis were referred to Lee Solters, who handlespublic relations for Davis. Solters, said to be travelling, wasnot immediately available for comment.    Donald Trump was also unavailable for comment, as was aspokesman for the Crosby estate. Reuter&#3;