Morgan Guaranty Ltd, through a specialfinancing subsidiary, said it is issuing the first repackagingof perpetual floating rate notes, consisting of a repackagingof an outstanding WestPac Banking Corp security.    Trading in perpetual floating rate notes, about 17 billiondlrs of which are outstanding, has come to a virtual halt asprices plunged. Because the securities never mature, there isno way to price them properly unless there is a liquid two-waymarket for them.    Investors have been stuck with billions of dollars of noteson their books that no one else will buy.    Under terms of the offer, Morgan said it has set up aspecial-purpose financing company, Pacific Securities Co Ltd,which will issue two separate securities. The unit becomes theholder of 200 mln dlrs of Westpac floating rate notes.    Morgan officials declined to disclose the level at whichPacific  purchased the Westpac securities, although in lateFebruary, they were quoted at 85 against an issue price of par.    Pacific Securities will issue two instruments. The first isa floating rate bond due March 29, 2002. The bond pays interestat 50 basis points over the London Interbank Offered Rate.    While the initial Westpac issue offered investors only 15basis points over LIBOR, Morgan Guaranty said WestPac hasagreed with Pacific Securities that it will pay investors theremaining 35 basis points.    Also, WestPac has agreed to redeem to floating rate notesafter 15 years.    The other portion of the security consists of a zero-couponbond, also maturing at 2002, for which the investor pays 20cents on the dollar. Morgan officials said that by 2002, theeffective yield will be a 20 pct return.    However, Morgan officials said, holders of the zero-couponbonds will not be paid in cash when the securities mature.    Instead, they will be paid in an equivalent amount ofzero-coupon Westpac perpetual floating rate notes.    As part of the agreement, Pacific Securities has agreed toplace proceeds of the sale of the new securities on deposit atWestPac and earnings from the deposit will be used to subsidisethe payment of the additional interest to investors.    Also as part of the issue, there is an option for issuanceof a 70 mln dlr tap to be offered the following year.    The tap will consist of 70 mln dlrs in floating rate notespaying and an additional equivalent amount of zero coupon bondsalso at a deep discount of 20 cents on the dollar.    Fees consist of a one pct selling concession and 0.50 pctcombined underwriting and management.    Westpac itself has agreed to be co-lead manager of bothtranches and two small syndicates are being formed, MorganGuaranty said. REUTER&#3;