France's right wing government is facinggrowing pressure to modify its economic policies after revisingdown its 1987 growth targets and revising up its inflationforecasts for this year.    Moving reluctantly into line with most private sectorforecasts the government yesterday raised its 1987 inflationestimate a half percentage point to 2.5 per cent and cut itseconomic growth estimate to between two and 2.8 per cent from a2.8 per cent target written into the annual budget lastseptember.    Finance Minister Edouard Balladur said the revised figureswould not push the government off its chosen mix of pricederegulation, budget-cutting rigour and pay restraint.    But Trade Union leaders served immediate notice they wouldpush to protect the purchasing power of their members, raisingthe spectre of a vicious spiral of wage and price rises.    And bank economists contacted by Reuters said they believedPrime Minister Jacques Chirac could be forced by slow growthand rising unemployment to reflate the economy later this year,perhaps in the autumn, to boost his prospects in Presidentialelections due by April 1988.    "The outlook is more worrying than it was a few weeks ago,"said Societe Generale economist Alain Marais. "We have theimpression it may be difficult to get even two per cent growththis year."    "The big question is whether the government's policy of wagemoderation will be maintained," he added.    The government has set public sector wage rises at aboout1.7 per cent this year, with a three per cent ceiling for risesjustified by increased productivity.    But the head of the socialist CFDT union federation, EdmondMaire, meeting with Chirac today, renewed union demands alreadyrejected by the government for indexation clauses to be builtinto future pay contracts to safeguard workers against higherprices.    Calling the government's policies "unbalanced and unjust," healso demanded investment incentives to boost employment. Heannounced after his meeting that Chirac had told him thegovernment would spend two billion francs on a series ofmeasures to boost employment and training    Andre Bergeron, a widely respected leader of the moderateForce Ouvriere labour group, put similar demands to Chiracearlier in the week while the Communist-led CGT, the largest ofFrance's unions, declared the defence of its members earningsits top priority.    But with unemployment nearing 11 per cent last month, andstill rising, government supporters and some economic analystssaid they were confident Chirac could resist union pay demands.    "Salary indexation was ended by the previous Socialistgovernment and I dont think this administration is going toreverse that," commented Michel Develle, economist atrecently-privatised Banque Paribas.    Damaging transport and electricity strikes over Christmasand the New Year, partly blamed by the government for higherinflation, had undermined the unions power and popularity, hesaid.    Develle said Paribas expected inflation to rise even morethan the governments revised forecast, perhaps to 2.6 or 2.7per cent this year against last years 2.1 per cent.    "But that would still be an exceptional achievementconsidering that for the first time since the Second World Warall french prices have been freed," he commented.    Finance Ministry officials said that the governmentsabolition of price and rent controls last year was responsiblefor nearly a quarter of a 0.9 per cent surge in January livingcosts.    But they claimed it was a once-off phenomenon that shouldhave no knock-on impact on the rest of the year.    Both Marais and Develle said they agreed with that, so longas the government kept wages under control.    Prices could rise 1.5 per cent in the first three months of1987 and two per cent in the first half year, fractionally morethan forecast this week by the National Statistics Institute,INSEE,  Marais said. But the second half year should be better,he added.    Ironically, one side effect of higher inflation could be tohelp the government achieve its aim of cutting the state budgetdeficit, several analysts said.    So long as public sector wages are held down, higher ValueAdded Tax receipts resulting from rising prices should offset aloss in revenues that otherwise would result from slower thanexpected growth, they said.    Reuter&#3;