U.S. consumer prices, as measured bythe Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers (CPI-U), rosea seasonally adjusted 0.4 pct in February after a 0.7 pctJanuary gain, the Labor Department said.    The CPI for urban wage earners and clerical workers (CPI-W)rose to 329.0 in February, the department said.    Prices for petroleum-based energy rose sharply for a secondconsecutive month during February but by less than in January,the department said.    Energy prices rose 1.9 pct last month after a 3.0 pct risein January, accounting for one-third of the overall CPI rise.    For the 12 months ended in February, the CPI rose anunadjusted 2.1 pct.    Transportation prices rose 0.5 pct in February after a 1.5pct increase in January. Smaller price rises for motor fuelsand declines in new car prices and finance charges wereresponsible for the moderation.    Gasoline prices rose 4.2 pct last month after increasing6.6 pct in January, but were still 18 pct below levels of ayear ago, the department said.    Housing prices rose 0.4 pct in February after a 0.5 pctJanuary increase, largely due to a rise in fuel oil prices.    Fuel oil prices were up 4.4 pct in February afterincreasing 9.8 pct in January, but were still 15 pct belowprice levels of February 1986.    Food prices rose 0.2 pct last month after a 0.5 pct Januaryincrease. Grocery store food prices were up 0.4 pct, the sameas in January, but meat, poultry, fish and eggs cost less for athird consecutive month, the department said.    Medical care rose 0.3 pct in February to a level 7.1 pctabove one year ago, because of higher costs for prescriptionand non-prescription drugs and medical supplies, the departmentsaid.    The index for apparel and upkeep rose 0.7 pct in Februaryafter a 0.4 pct increase in January. The department said theintroduction of higher priced spring merchandise, particularlymen's clothing, was responsible for the advance.    Prices for other goods and services rose 0.7 pct inFebruary following a 1.1 pct increase in January. Tobaccoprices, up 0.9 pct after a 2.0 pct January increase, accountedfor 30 pct of the index rise, the department said. Reuter&#3;