The head of a Philippine panel chargedwith recovering illegal wealth accumulated by former PresidentFerdinand Marcos and his associates said they still controlledlarge funds circulating in the country's economy.    Ramon Diaz, Chairman of the Presidential Commission on GoodGovernment (PCGG) told Reuters in an interview: "There is everyreason to believe that the cronies and President Marcos and hisfamily were able to hide millions and millions of pesos beforethey fled. As a matter of fact we have been able to get hold ofcrates of newly printed currency."    Diaz did not give figures, but said: "We believe they stillhave a lot of funds. These are the funds that they will use inthe coming elections. These are the funds that they used tostage those coups."    He was referring to congressional elections scheduled forMay 11 and to the three coup attempts faced by PresidentCorazon Aquino since she toppled Marcos a year ago.    Diaz said the PCGG so far has recovered cash and propertyvalued at about eight billion pesos and had sequestered sharesof stock of at least 286 firms. "We have achieved more than whatwe thought we could achieve in one year," he added.    The government last week announced that businessman AntonioFloirendo, an associate of Marcos known as the "banana king," hadturned over 70 mln pesos in cash to the PCGG and promised tosurrender titles to property in New York and Hawaii worthanother 180 mln pesos. In return, the PCGG said it had liftedfreeze and sequestration orders on Floirendo's properties.    Diaz said there were already similar preliminary agreementswith another Marcos associate, Roberto Benedicto. He saidBenedicto had surrendered control of several newspapers andradio and television stations and agreed to PCGG control of theboards of a bank and a hotel he owned in the Philippines.    Diaz said the PCGG based its estimates of illegal wealth onincome-tax returns and land titles of Marcos associates."Anything over and above reported income -- that's what we haveto recover," he said.    He said a decision by the PCGG last week to probe streetcertificates held by brokers at Manila's two stock exchangeswas prompted by suspicion that illegal funds were incirculation.    Street certificates describe securities held in the name ofa broker or another nominee instead of a customer so as topermit easy trading or transfer. Reuter...&#3;