Dome Petroleum Ltd's revised debtrestructuring plan keeps the company alive and improves itsappeal as a takeover target, but full debt repayment depends ona sharp oil price rise, oil and banking analysts said.    Dome's complex proposal to let creditors link some or allof their debt to oil-indexed debentures or convert it to equityis "very cut and dried and to the point," Peters and Co LtdCalgary-based energy analyst Wilf Gobert said.    Dome "is saying, This is the way it is. There isn't enoughmoney to pay you back,'" he added.    The plan "strikes me as a very pragmatic thing to do,"First Marathon Securities Ltd oil analyst Jim Doak commented.    He said the plan seeks to formally tie payments tocreditors with the price of oil, which governs Dome's cash flowand ability to service its debt.    Dome expects its total debt to reach 6.4 billion Canadiandlrs by June 30, 1987, when an interim debt rescheduling planexpires and Dome hopes to implement the long term plan.    Gobert said the plan would rank secured and unsecuredcreditors in a complex series of repayment categories or "anagreed pecking order of what your (creditors) claim to assetsis."    Potential suitors would find Dome easier to swallow underthe debt restructuring plan because it proposes to resolvecompeting claims on assets pledged to secured creditors and onremaining unpledged assets, Gobert and others said.    "Certainly the restructuring plan, once it's agreed to andput in place, is going to make it easier for someone to come inand look at doing a deal on it (acquiring the company)," Gobertremarked.    "It's going to be a lot easier than it is right now becauseyou'll have settled the pecking order question," he added.    Gobert believes the debt plan may be partly motivated by adesire to sell Dome Petroleum as a whole.    "If the creditors wanted to liquidate their bank loans theycould do it in an orderly fashion through the sale of thecompany, as opposed to dismemberment," he said.    Dome's proposal includes rescheduling secured debt paymentsover a 15 to 20 year schedule, linking payments to cash flowsgenerated by assets pledged against loans and establishinginterest rates that allow for changing oil prices.    Creditors' only real alternative to Dome's plan is "anasset grab which would liquidate the company at distressprices, and the banks would spend the next 20 years in courtdeciding who had what asset," First Marathon's Doak said.    For Dome's creditors, the plan does not offer a quickmethod to recover loans, but extends payment time in the hopethat oil prices will rise, increasing the amount of thecompany's debt payments, Merrill Lynch Canada Inc bank analystTerry Shaunessy said.    The plan "is not a solution. It says give me more time andlet's keep our fingers crossed that oil goes way up."    Doak and Shaunessy estimated oil prices would have to riseto about 28 to 30 U.S. dlrs a barrel to fully service all ofthe company's debt.    Analysts said the plan would ensure the company continuesto operate, but provides little other benefit to commonshareholders.    "From a common shareholder standpoint, all this does issort of keep him on the life support system, because thereisn't any equity unless you get a big increase in oil prices,"Gobert remarked.    Analysts said Dome's common shares, trading today at 1.12dlrs, off four cents, on the Toronto Stock Exchange,essentially represent a long term warrant pegged to oil prices.    "You have to be looking at an extremely high price of oilin the context of historical trends before there's any residualvalue for the common shareholders," analyst Doak said.    While Dome's plan said lenders will be able to convert debtto common shares, the amount of dilution depends on shareconversion prices still to be negotiated and how much lenderswould choose to convert, the company said. Reuter&#3;