New immigration rules relating toalien farm workers and reportedly being drafted by the U.S.Agriculture Department are meeting with objections in Congress,sources on Capitol Hill said.    USDA is drafting regulations, required by a 1986 law, thatwould offer amnesty to illegal aliens if they worked in thecultivation of fruits, vegetables and other perishablecommodities.    The department is considering including in its definitionof perishable commodities such farm products as tobacco, hops,Spanish reeds and Christmas trees, while excluding sugar cane,the New York Times reported yesterday.    Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif., would like to see thedefinition extended to include sugar cane, cultivation of whichis "a breeding ground for one of the scandals of the nation,"Gene Smith, a spokesman for Berman, said.    Livestock, dairy and poultry producers have been lobbyingUSDA hard to have their products covered by the amnestyprovision, farm industry sources said.    Chuck Fields of the American Farm Bureau Federation saidlivestock producers were "desperate" because they fear they willbe unable to retain the many illegal aliens who have joinedthat industry.    A House staff member involved in drafting the landmark 1986immigration law who asked not to be identified said Congressdid not mean to extend special amnesty provisions to workerswho helped cultivate tobacco, and that inclusion of hops andSpanish reeds was "marginal."    In addition, lawmakers made it clear during considerationof the bill that lumber workers were not to be covered by thethe amnesty provisions, making the inclusion of Christmas trees"a tough call," this source said.    USDA officials declined to comment on the draft regulationexcept to say it was subject to change before it will bereleased, probably some time later this month.    While lawmakers may object to the USDA rule underconsideration relating to perishable commodities, Congress isnot likely to reopen debate on the controversial immigrationquestion, congressional sources said.    The amnesty provision specially designed for farm workerswas crucial to passage of the overall immigration bill.    Congressional staff members estimate the special farmworker amnesty provision would apply to between 250,000 to350,000 aliens. The law would allow eligible farm workers whoworked for 90 days during the year ending May 1, 1986, to applyfor temporary, then permanent, resident status. Reuter&#3;