Japan's plan to cut beef interventionprices for the fiscal year starting April 1 will not boostdemand because of strict supply controls and a complexdistribution system, Japanese and U.S. Industry sources said.    "Government beef policy protects farmers rather than meetingconsumers' demands and the cutback ... Is too marginal," aHousewives Association of Japan official said.    Despite mounting U.S. Pressure on Japan to open farmmarkets, beef is strictly controlled by the government, whichmaintains a price stabilisation zone to protect farmers.    Under the plan, expected to be announced this month, thestandard or bottom price of castrated wagyu -- known as marbledbeef -- will be set at 1,370 yen per kilo for 1987/88 against1,400 now, and the ceiling at 1,780 yen against 1,820.    The standard price of other beef, mainly produced fromdairy steers, is set at 1,020 yen against 1,090 and the ceilingat 1,325 against 1,420.    Ministry officials said the semi-government LivestockIndustry Promotion Corp (LIPC) conducts buffer stock operationsto help keep wholesale beef prices within the interventionprice zone.    The LIPC is allowed to import most beef, with the amountset by the government under a quota system. When wholesaleprices go above the ceiling, the LIPC releases its beef stocks,both domestic and imported, and buys locally produced beef whenprices are below.    But the LIPC has often been criticised for releasing beefstocks when the prices are higher than the ceiling.    Phillip Seng, Asian Director of the U.S. Meat ExportFederation, told Reuters the two pct cut in prices is a steptoward closing the gap with European Community prices, abouthalf those in Japan.    But Seng said the cut will not benefit consumers or U.S.Meat exporters because of Japan's rigid and complicateddistribution system and strict supply control by the LIPC.    The Housewives Association official said retail beef pricesare high mainly because of distribution problems and highproduction costs, as well as poor operations by the LIPC.    American meat packers see Japan as a promising market. F.C.Beatty, of U.S. Packer John Morrell and Co, told the JapanTimes beef cuts, which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlrs a pound inthe U.S., Are sold at 15 to 30 dlrs in Japan.    But Seng said the cut will not benefit consumers or U.S.Meat exporters because of Japan's rigid and complicateddistribution system and strict supply control by the LIPC.    The Housewives Association official said retail beef pricesare high mainly because of distribution problems and highproduction costs, as well as poor operations by the LIPC.    American meat packers see Japan as a promising market. F.C.Beatty, of U.S. Packer John Morrell and Co, told the JapanTimes beef cuts, which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlrs a pound inthe U.S., Are sold at 15 to 30 dlrs in Japan.    But industry sources said it is unclear how much demandwill pick up if retail beef prices drop following any sharpreduction in intervention prices.    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said this week hewill ask Japan to remove all beef import restrictions when hevisits here next month.    In 1984, Japan decided to increase its beef import quota by9,000 tonnes a year until March 31, 1988.    In 1987/88, the quota will rise to 177,000 tonnes from168,000 in 1986/87, ministry officials said, adding Japan wantsto keep self-sufficiency in beef at around 70 pct. REUTER&#3;