The South Korean stock market seems to beconsolidating following government measures to cool its rapidrise this year, domestic and foreign analysts said.    The composite index hit a record 405.13 early last week,nearly 50 pct up from the New Year when it stood at 264.82, butplunged to a 383.48 close on April 3, the day after thegovernment intervened.    Under the measures, industrial firms with bank loans worth50 billion won or more must either offer new shares or issueconvertible bonds to repay the loans.    Securities houses will have to sell shares they are holdingif the volume exceeds 40 pct of their paid-in capital. Theceiling for investment trust firms was fixed at 50 pct.    South Korean firms have traditionally preferred obtaininglow interest bank loans -- the current rate is 10 pct -- toissuing bonds at a higher rate or floating share issues withthe attendant dividend pressures and launch expenses.    The Seoul Stock Exchange, with 355 listed stocks, grewexplosively in the first three months of the year, building onan already impressive 68.9 pct gain in 1986.    Analysts now expect the market to pause temporarily andthen resume its upward movement, despite the indirectgovernment regulation.    They said the continuous growth of the nation's grossnational product (GNP) and trade surplus, improved exports andgood performances by industrial firms all fuelled the boom.    The trade surplus widened to 460 mln dlrs in March from 110mln in February, while government economists expect GNP to grownine pct this year.    Analysts said the deep slump in the real estate market alsoincreased liquidity in the stock market.    "Many investors are still confident the market will not loseits strength. It seems likely to pause for a while and thenrebound again," said Park Sin-bom, a director of LuckySecurities Co.    "There are more positive factors than negative. The marketis still buoyed by ample liquidity thanks to the economy'sstrong performance."    The stock market began to recover during Saturday'shalf-day session with the index closing at 397.24 in activetrading on Monday, but closed lower on Tuesday at 390.24 onturnover of 76 billion won.    "I would say the market is flat for the time being.... It isvery prone to profit-taking after the sharp gains in the firstthree months and the various government measures," a foreignanalyst said.    "But the market will head up again after a rest because thefundamentals are expected to rise and investors will be asbullish as ever at the slightest sign of a market recovery."    He added that the newly launched 30 mln dlr Korea EuropeFund would have an impact on the South Korean stock market,despite its small volume compared with the 5.72 trillion won oflisted capital on the Seoul exchange.    Local dealers recommend blue chips and financial shares asthese stand to benefit most from continuing trade frictionbetween the United States and Japan and the rumouredrestructuring of local finance houses.    Dealers also cite the shares of domestically orientedfirms, which are less vulnerable to the effects of the gradualappreciation of the won. REUTER&#3;