The Federal Reserve Board hasapproved the application of Chase Manhattan Corp to engage inunderwriting and dealing in commercial paper of ChaseCommercial Corp, the lending subsidiary of the parent bankholding company.    The Fed order said Chase Manhattan's application wasconsistent with sound banking practices and existing laws. Butit added a bill adopted by the Senate Banking Committee lastweek could affect Chase Manhattan if it becomes law and mightforce it eventually to cease commercial paper underwritingactivities.     The Fed said the application was similar to that ofBankers Trust to engage in commercial paper placement that wasapproved last December.    Chase Manhattan Corp, with consolidated assets of 90billion dlrs, is the second largest banking organization in NewYork and operates in the United States and abroad.    The Fed noted the Securities Industry Association, a tradeassociation of the investment banking industry, had opposedChase Manhattan's application for more powers.    Chase Manhattan now will be able to underwrite commercialpaper, buying it for resale to institutions like banks.     In addition, Chase Manhattan will be able to placecommercial paper as agents for issuers and advise them on ratesand maturities of proposed issues just as Bankers Trust wasgiven authority to do.    The minimum denomination of commercial paper offered andpurchased would be 250,000 dlrs.    The Fed said it felt there would be no violation of bankinglaws provided that Chase Manhattan restricted its commercialpaper activities to five pct of its income and five pct oftotal market share.    The Fed said dealing in commercial paper was related toChase Manhattan's regular banking activities because "this kindof instrument has many of the characteristics of a traditionalcommercial loan."    "Because of its short term nature, commercial paper iscustomarily held to maturity -- like a commercial loan," the Fedorder said.    Among the benefits for the public will be increasedcompetition in the commercial paper market and more convenientservice for borrowers and investors, the Fed said. Reuter&#3;