"If we go on using upfarmland as we have done since 1980, there will be none left in20 years to grow grain on."    Xu Jinfeng, a middle-aged official in Fengbang village onthe edge of Shanghai, sums up the dilemma China faces as ittries to feed its more than one billion people and at the sametime let them get richer by building factories and new homes.    China has to feed one quarter of the world's population,but only one seventh of its land is arable.    Sharp increases in farm output since 1979 turned China intoa net grain exporter for the first time in 1985, and again in1986.    But the rapid industrialisation of the countryside whichhas occurred at the same time, has gobbled up arable land forfactories and homes for peasants who can now afford them.    Official figures show that China lost just under one pct ofits arable land to other uses in 1985 and a slightly smalleramount last year. It gained 26 mln new mouths to feed duringthe two years.    "We lost very little land prior to 1980 when theindustrialisation began," official Xu said. "Since then, nearlyall the families in the county have built new homes and manyfactories have gone up."    "Last year we lost land to a new railway line," Xu said. Butland losses in future should fall because nearly all familiesalready have new houses, she added.    The issue of land loss is a matter of major concern to thePeking leadership, which announced earlier this month thatChina will issue nationwide quotas for conversion of grain landfor the first time this year.    "The present situation of abusing, occupying unlawfully,wasting and destroying land and land resources is serious," saidan article in the official press explaining the new measures.    "It has resulted in great losses of cultivated farmland," itsaid. "China has a large population and its land resources arebadly deficient."    An official of the Shanghai city government said countyauthorities could approve conversion of only 0.3 hectares ofarable land to other uses, while anything more than that mustbe approved by the city government.   The Peking government faces another major obstacle in itsefforts to ensure China's people get enough grain to eat. Theprices the state pays to farmers for grain are too low, makingit more profitable for them to grow other crops.    To offset this, the state offers farmers cheap fertiliserand diesel oil and payment in advance for grain it contracts tobuy. The state then sells the grain at subsidised prices toChina's 200 mln city residents. Rural factories also subsidisegrain output, paying farmers bonuses to grow it.    Some officials argue that the simplest solution to theproblem would be for the state to raise city grain prices.    Chen Zuyuan, Communist Party secretary of a village in theeastern province of Zhejiang, said the government listened toomuch to the demands of "selfish city people" and could raise citygrain prices without any problem.    But the government has ruled out a price rise. "Raising theprice of grain would directly conflict with the goal of socialstability," said a China Daily editorial this month.    The Shanghai official said prices must be reformed over thelong term. "We must be very careful. We have a very largepopulation which is used to price stability and will object toprice rises," he said. "The problem is how to do it."    The Shanghai official said a rise in grain prices mightalso affect the prices of hundreds of food products made withgrain and consumed by city residents.    In addition, the state faces the problem of inadequateinvestment by farmers in land and in grain in particular.    The official press has reported that farmers fear farmpolicy may change and they are putting their new wealth intobuilding graves, memorial halls for ancestors and homes.    Under reforms introduced in the late 1970s, farmers signcontracts with the state requiring them to grow certain crops,but they have considerable freedom in how to use their land.    "As the expiration date of the 15-year contract is almost atthe halfway mark, farmers are beginning to worry about thefuture," the China Daily said in an editorial last month.    Their anxieties stem from the fact that they are allowed touse the land but not own it. For most of the period ofCommunist rule, the land was organised into collectives wherethere was little room for individual initiative.    "New measures are needed to reassure them of the consistencyof government policies and make them interested in long-terminvestment," the newspaper said. REUTER&#3;