Merrill Lynch and Co Inc &lt;MER>subsidiary seeking to take over of Borg-Warner Corp said itcould realize a 30 mln dlr fee for its efforts, whether or notthe deal, which it values at 4.7 billion dlrs, succeeds.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Merrill Lynch Capital Partners Inc said it would receive a 30mln dlr fee from the surviving company for acting as dealermanager of the merger after the Borg-Warner deal is completed.    But it said it could also receive a break-up fee of 30 mlndlrs if the deal fails for reasons, which include another partyholding more than 40 pct of its stock or tendering for 50 pct.    The 30 mln dlr fee is among the highest set down in anytender offer agreement, either in compensation for dealermanager services or for break-up of the deal.    Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, backed by a group ofinvestors it organized, has launched a 48.50 dlr a share tenderoffer for Borg-Warner for 90 pct of its stock.    The company's board has approved the plan, which wasintended to thwart an unsolicited offer from GAF Corp.    Borg-Warner also agreed to redeem all outstanding Series Apreferred shares and to pay off on all options at a 48.50 dlr ashare exercise price before the merger is effective, it said.    Merrill Lynch said its representatives discussed a possibleleveraged buyout with Borg-Warner as early as last December.    At that time, Merrill Lynch told the company it wouldconsider a 43 dlr a share tender offer in cash and securities,if the Borg-Warner board approved, it said. On Feb 24, it saidit was told the company had decided against a buyout.    But talks were revived after GAF launched its 46 dlr ashare proposal on March 31, Merrill Lynch said.    Unlike its earlier proposal, Merrill Lynch said Borg-Warnermanagement was asked not to take part in the new deal and itwas conditioned upon payment of the fees.    In addition to its fees, Merrill Lynch said it will alsoget up to 17 mln dlrs from Borg-Warner to cover its expenses inthe tender offer.    Merrill Lynch said it would continue operating Borg-Warneras a subsidiary with its current officers keeping theirpositions.    But for flexibility purposes, Merrill Lynch said it isconsidering redistributing Borg-Warner's assets to a number ofsubsdiaries of an entity it created to carry out the merger.    All in all Merrill Lynch estimated that there would be 130mln dlrs in fees and expenses connected with the deal.    Another 250 mln dlrs will be needed to repay certain debtof Borg-Warner, Merrill Lynch said.    To finance the deal, Merrill Lynch said it expects toborrow 3.5 billion dlrs from a group of banks and sell 100 mlndlrs of common stock of the new company, sell 100 mln dlrs ofnon-voting preferred stock of the new company to Merrill Lynchand Co, sell up to 650 mln dlrs of subordinated notes toMerrill Lynch and Co and sell to the public 204 mln dlrs ofsubordinated discount debentures.    GAF has raised its offer to 48 dlrs a share cash. Reuter&#3;