Secretary of State George Shultz hasdecided not to oppose any U.S. wheat subsidy offer to theSoviet Union and has left the final decision on whether to sellsubsidized wheat to Moscow up to President Reagan and theAgriculture Department, a State Department official said.    "Shultz feels like he fought the battle against a subsidylast summer, and he's not going to the mat again. It's nowbasically the USDA who has to make their decisions as to whatthey want to do," the official said.    If USDA decides to go ahead with a subsidy offer to theSoviet Union, he said, "Shultz will not wage a vigorouscampaign against it. He might not come out in favor of it, buthe won't go to the President and voice his objections."    In an official statement clarifying Shultz's remarksyesterday to leaders of the National Association of WheatGrowers, the State Department said, "Secretary Shultz expressedhis belief that whenever possible, U.S. grain should becompetitive on world markets, including the Soviet Union.    The Agriculture Department is in the best position todetermine whether consideration should be given at this time toextending to the Soviets a subsidy under the Export EnhancementProgram."    Although Shultz will not oppose a wheat subsidy to theSoviets, there remain obstacles to another subsidy offer toMoscow, the State Department official said.    "Everyone in the government agrees that if there is asubsidy to be offered, we would not offer it unless we had afirm commitment from the Soviets that they would buy."    USDA does not want a repetition of last summer when theUSSR baulked at its offer of four mln tonnes of subsidizedwheat, the official, who asked not to be identified, said.    The Soviets rejected the U.S. offer then on the groundsthat the 13 dlr per tonne subsidy was insufficient to bringU.S. prices down to competitive levels.    The Soviets want a higher subsidy offer this time, theState Department source said.    "What the Soviets want is something equivalent to thelowest price being paid by anyone in the world," he said.    The Soviets argue that they are the best customer of theU.S. and that they are entitled to the best price, he said.    Government and commodity sources also said there areelements in the USDA, most notably undersecretary DanielAmstutz, who remain opposed to a wheat subsidy to the Soviets.    "Subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union is still not aforegone conclusion," the State Department official said. Reuter&#3;