Trading in energy futures on the NewYork Mercantile Exchange will change dramatically over the nextfive to 10 years as the market matures, according to outgoingchairman Michel Marks.    "Energy futures trading is going through a tremendousperiod of transition that will last five to 10 years," Markssaid, adding that volume will soar, international participationwill increase, and activity of producing countries, major oilcompanies, and speculators will grow.    Marks steps down as chairman after an nine-year tenure whenboard elections are held March 17. He will continue as chairmanof a long-range planning committee at NYMEX.    "The priority of the next 10 years is operationalefficiency versus the last 10 years when it was new productdevelopment," said Marks.    Marks said it is imperative for NYMEX, which is running outof trading space, to process greater volumes expeditiously inorder to handle the growth in volumes and new contracts thatare already planned.    Marks said crude futures volume could more than double bythe end of the decade to 250,000 contracts daily and combinedproducts volume could soar to  100,000 contracts a day.    Much of the increased activity will come from theinternational sector, according to Marks. "That's a huge growtharea," he said, adding that it will run the gamut from foreignproducer countries to foreign independent operators.     He said it would be difficult to develop a futurescontract based on an internationally traded crude although hepreviously said the exchange is exploring that possibility.    "Trying to develop a futures contract in any other crudebesides West Texas Intermediate will be a tough task" he said.     Marks said it is more likely a futures contract based onan international product rather than an international crudewill be developed since the products market is more diverse. Hesaid previously the exchange is studying the possibility ofdeveloping a non-U.S. deliverable products contract.    Other sources of growth for U.S. energy futures are themajor oil companies, which already trade on the NYMEX, andinstitutional funds such as investment houses, pension funds,and insurance companies, Marks said.    "The commodities markets have become financial markets andshould pursue a partnership with financial intermediaries,"Marks said.    He said speculators will increase their share of the energyfutures markets in the coming years from the current  share ofabout 30 pct. Hedgers, as a result, will lose some of their 70pct share. Reuter&#3;