Turkey"s standoff with Greece over Aegeanoil rights appeared at an end after the government said it hadbeen assured Athens would not start prospecting in disputedwaters.    A Foreign Ministry statement last night hinted Turkey wasclaiming victory. A Greek-based international consortium, NorthAegean Petroleum Co., Had given up plans to start searching foroil in international waters east of Thasos island, it said.    "In the same way it has been understood that Greece willalso not undertake oil activities outside its territorialwaters," the statement added.    An Ankara Radio report monitored in London said ForeignMinister Vahit Halefolu had called on Greece to engage indialogue over the dispute. It was impossible to resolve thedispute by crises, he was quoted as saying.    "We call on Greece to come and engage in a dialogue with us- let us find a solution as two neighbours and allies should,"he said.    The radio said Halefoglu had briefed the leaders of anumber of the country"s political parties on the latestdevelopments.    Turkey sent the survey ship Sismik 1 into the Aegeanyesterday, flanked by warships, to press its case but havingearlier said it would go into disputed waters, declared thevessel would stay in Turkish areas.    Prime Minister Turgut Ozal, in London on his way home afterheart surgery in the United States, is expected to receive anecstatic welcome from thousands of Turks when he returns today.    He was in defiant mood last night, telling Turkish radio:"We can never accept that Greece should confine us to theAnatolian continent. If there are riches under the sea, theyare for mankind."    Despite the end of the crisis, Turkish officialsacknowledged that the underlying dispute over delimiting thecontinental shelf in the Aegean remained unsolved.    Turkey alleged that the consortium"s plans would haveinfringed the 1976 Berne agreement between the two countries,which called for a moratorium on any activities until thedelimitation was agreed. Greece earlier this month declared itconsiders the accord inoperative. REUTER&#3;