Senior U.S. Officials are looking to Japanfor help in buttressing the world economy in the event of anAmerican recession next year, Japanese government sources said.    During a visit to the U.S. Earlier this month, EconomicPlanning Minister Tetsuo Kondo was asked by both U.S. FederalReserve chairman Paul Volcker and Council of Economic Adviserschairman Beryl Sprinkel what Japan could do if the U.S. Entersrecession next year.    Although Sprinkel indicated that he personally did notexpect a recession next year, Volcker seemed to acknowledgethat an economic downturn was at least a possibility, thesources said.    Faced with with a huge budget deficit, the U.S. Has littleroom to manoeuvre on fiscal policy to counteract any downturnthat might occur in 1988.    It is also hamstrung as far as monetary policy is concernedbecause U.S. Inflation is already showing some signs of pickingup, one source said.    But Japan is also limited in what action it could take tohelp counteract a U.S. Recession without running the risk ofoverstimulating its domestic economy and pushing up inflation,the sources said.    Money supply growth is accelerating and interest rates areat record low levels. In May, M-2 money supply pluscertificates of deposit grew at a year-on-year rate of 10.2pct, well above nominal GNP growth of four to five pct.    Some government sources are also worried that the recentlyannounced 6,000 billion yen emergency economic package couldpush up land prices and the construction sector's inflation.    Public investment spending grew at a year-on-year rate ofabout 10 pct in April, but that could accelerate to 20 pctlater this year under the impact of the emergency package, onesource said.    The 6,000 billion yen package was generally well receivedin the U.S., Although U.S. Congressmen and businessmen toldKondo they wanted the measures implemented quickly, sourcessaid.    The Japanese minister explained that the acceleration ofpublic works spending in the package was taking placeimmediately, they said.    U.S. Congressmen were particularly interested in how muchimpact the package would have on reducing the bilateral tradeimbalance, a question which Kondo was unable to answer clearly,given the many economic uncertainties involved, the sourcessaid.    While recognizing that Japan's trade surplus is falling interms of volume, some Congressmen expressed concern that it wasnot falling fast enough.     But the sources said no one pressed Kondo for a furtherrise of the yen as a solution to correcting the bilateral tradeimbalance. REUTER&#3;