U.S. banking data released today aretoo distorted to draw sweeping conclusions about monetarypolicy, but they do support the market's assumption that theFederal Reserve has started to tighten its grip on credit,economists said.    "It's clear that the Fed has firmed somewhat. Discountwindow borrowings, net free reserves, the Fed funds rateaverage and the pattern of reserve additions are all consistentwith a modest tightening," said Dana Johnson of First ChicagoCorp.    Johnson, and several other economists, now estimate thatthe Fed funds rate should trade between 6-1/4 and 6-3/8 pct.    Discount window borrowings in the week to Wednesday were935 mln dlrs a day, producing a daily average for the two-weekstatement period of 689 mln dlrs, the highest since the week ofDecember 31, 1986, and up from 393 mln dlrs previously.    Moreover, banks were forced to borrow a huge 5.2 billiondlrs from the Fed on Wednesday - the highest daily total thisyear - even though unexpectedly low Treasury balances at theFed that day left banks with over two billion dlrs more inreserves than the Fed had anticipated.    However, economists said it is almost certain that the Fedis aiming for much lower discount window borrowings thanwitnessed this week. They pointed to two factors that may haveforced banks to scramble for reserves at the end of the week.    First, economists now expect M-1 money supply for the weekended April 29 to rise by a staggering 15 to 20 billion dlrs,partly reflecting the parking in checking accounts of theproceeds from stock market sales and mutual fund redemptions topay annual income taxes.    As banks' checking-account liabilities rise, so do thereserves that they are required to hold on deposit at the Fed.    Required reserves did indeed rise sharply by 2.5 billiondlrs a day in the two weeks ended Wednesday, but economistssaid the Fed may not have believed in the magnitude of theprojected M-1 surge until late in the week and so started toadd reserves too late.    Second, an apparent shortage of Treasury bills apparentlyleft Wall Street dealers with too little collateral with whichto enagage in repurchase agreements with the Fed, economistssaid. Thus, although there were 10.3 billion dlrs of reposoutstanding on Wednesday night, the Fed may have wanted to addeven more reserves but was prevented from doing so.    "It's not at all inconceivable that the Fed didn't add asmuch as they wanted to because of the shortage of collateral,"said Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch Economics Inc.    McCarthy estimated that the Fed is now targettingdiscount-window borrowings of about 400 mln dlrs a day,equivalent to a Fed funds rate of around 6-3/8 pct.    After citing the reasons why the Fed probably has nottightened credit to the degree suggested by the data,economists said the fact that the Fed delayed arranging overnight injections of reserves until the last day of thestatement period was a good sign of a more restrictive policy.    Jeffrey Leeds of Chemical Bank had not been convinced thatthe Fed was tightening policy. But after reviewing today'sfigures, he said, "It's fair to say that the Fed may be movingtoward a slightly less accommodative reserve posture."    Leeds expects Fed funds to trade between 6-1/4 and 6-3/8pct and said the Fed is unlikely to raise the discount rateunless the dollar's fall gathers pace.    Johnson at First Chicago agreed, citing politicalopposition in Washington to a dollar-defense package at a timewhen Congress sees further dollar depreciation as the key toreducing the U.S. trade surplus with Japan. Reuter&#3;