The Bundesbank is likely to steer asteady monetary course over the next few weeks and a change incredit policies is not expected at tomorrow's regular centralbank council meeting, bank economists and dealers said.    "There is no need for action," Hermann Remsperger, chiefeconomist of Berliner Handels- and Frankfurter Bank (BHF) said.    Others noted that exchange rates are stable after lastmonth's Group of Six agreement in Paris and central bank moneystock growth is still well above the three to six pct targetzone, so a change in credit policies could be ruled out.    One money market dealer said comments by BundesbankPresident Karl Otto Poehl at a private seminar in Duesseldorftwo weeks ago hinting at another interest rate cut onlyindicated the Bundesbank might act if conditions changed.    Bank economists said U.S. Pressure on West Germany tofurther ease credit policies had receded since the Paris pact.    But such demands could re-emerge if West Germany failed tostimulate its economy enough to affect the massive U.S. Tradedeficit.    Remsperger said continued strong money supply growth alsoprecluded a further cut in official interest rates.    Central bank money stock was growing at an annualized 7.5pct in February, unchanged from the 7.5 pct in January.    Economists said some of the 18 members of the central bankcouncil were worried about the continued overshoot in the moneysupply target and were bound to resist any moves to cut rates.But Poehl played down the risk of inflation.    Economists said the fact that money stock growth remainedstable last month was a success. Some said it was likely toreturn to within the target range later this year.    "The special factors which boosted money supply growth lastyear are disappearing," one economist said.    He said some 75 pct of the money supply increase in 1986was caused by a sharp rise in the inflow of foreign funds.    This trend had been reversed recently and with domesticcredit demand likely to remain at steady levels, money stockgrowth was expected to narrow in the medium-term.    These developments were increasing the Bundesbank's scopefor a rate cut in the medium-term, economists said.    Money market dealers said period rates remained littlechanged, indicating no change in credit policy was expected.    Call money rates declined to 3.75/80 pct from 3.90/95yesterday, with the market well stocked with liquidity.    Dealers said call money was soft because tax payments onbehalf of customers had been less than expected so far. Butrates were likely to tighten again as soon as the full effectof this month's major tax payment period is felt. Payments forthe federal railways bond are also likely to burden the market.    The Bundesbank did not inject liquidity via a securitiesrepurchase agreement this week, but countered a tightening inrates on Monday by injecting funds through government-ownedbanks.    Dealers said recent securities repurchase pacts had shownthe Bundesbank clearly wanted call money rates stable at 3.80.    One dealer said, "If the central bank wanted lower interestrates, it would first of all drive call money rates down."    Banks remained relatively well stocked with minimum reserveassets. They held 52.9 billion marks in minimum reserves onMonday, averaging 53.7 billion marks over the first 16 days ofMarch. A requirement of around 51 billion is expected. REUTER&#3;