West Germany's eurobond market mayrevive in June, after two month's relative dormancy, beforedozing off for the summer, bond market sources said.    Syndicate managers said many borrowers, anticipating lowerWest German interest rates, cancelled mandates during the lasttwo-week calendar, hoping borrowing costs would decline.    Borrowers are likely to return as domestic interest rateslose downward momentum, syndicate managers said. Asupranational issue via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozcentraleis likely today and Dresdner Bank AG could lead a new bond.    New issue volume is likely to be helped by a recentdomestic legal change which indirectly lowered costs forEuropean Community state-backed borrowers, the sources said.    A statutory change to the West German Exchange AdmissionsAct, which went into effect on May 1, allows such borrowers tofile for bourse listing without a prospectus and without anunderwriting group. This saves them the 1/2 point listing feeformerly paid to banks.    The two most recent issues for Electricite de France, ledby Deutsche Bank AG, and Bank of Greece, led by Commerzbank AG,were brought to market under the new law, managers said.    Deutsche Bank confirmed that its bond was brought out inconformance with the new law. Commerzbank had no comment.    The success of Commerzbank's Bank of Greece deal,especially for the shorter of the two tranches of five andeight years, has also encouraged syndicate managers to bringout new issues during the new calendar period.    Many borrowers might also seek to get their bonds in beforethe market enters its quiet summer phase, referred to by Germanbond dealers as the "summer hole."    But syndicate managers said there are also some factorsstanding in the way of new issues.    One negative factor is that current swap conditions formarks into dollars are not favourable.    Syndicate managers said the yield spread between domesticSchuldschein notes and mark eurobonds is now too low to makeswaps profitable for eurobond borrowers.    Low yields on domestic notes comparable to mark eurobondsmean German banks can now borrow cheaply at domestic rates.    They would charge a high premium to borrowers taking upeuromarks for swaps as banks have little incentive to take onmore expensive euromark liabilities at present.    However, some foreign borrowers might anyway borrow inmarks out of a genuine need for the currency, managers said.    Another factor which might dampen the primary market isuncertainty about the dollar. Its rise last week over 1.80marks helped send West German government bonds lower by nearlyone pfennig over the week.    If the dollar looks poised to stabilize or rise further,foreign investors in mark eurobonds could switch out of them onthe belief that gains from the mark's appreciation were ending,dealers said.    The dollar is expected to remain stable this week beforethe seven leading nations begin their economic summit in Veniceon June 8.    In May, a total of 1.1 billion marks of new mark eurobondswere launched, compared with 1.0 billion in April.    This compared with a relatively active March, when 2.3billion marks of eurobonds were launched, and a very strongFebruary, when issues totalled nearly 5.0 billion. REUTER&#3;