Genentech Inc is suffering only atemporary setback following a U.S. agency decision to withholda recommendation on its genetically-produced drug which is usedto treat heart attacks in progress, industry sources andanalysts said.    "When TPA (the drug) first came on the scene, the projectedtime scale for approval was 1990," said Sam Milstein, ascientist and industry consultant.    "So even with the new delay that has arisen, in alllikelihood the drug will be approved prior to initialprojections," he added.    Last Friday, an advisory committee at the Food and DrugAdministration, FDA, withheld a recommendation on Genentech'stissue plasminogen activator, a drug called Activase.    Athough it supported Genentech's claim that the drugdissolves blood clots, the FDA said it wanted data that showedthe treatment benefits heart-attack victims.    "We will be talking to the FDA as soon as possible to askspecifically what they are looking for," a Genentechspokeswoman said. She said the company had data that showedimprovement in the heart muscle after the drug was administeredbut had not included it in the FDA filing.     Industry analysts also said the 12 point drop in thecompany's stock to 37-1/4 was largely expected in light of thespeculative nature of the biotechnology companies whosefortunes often depend on the success of an important drug.    "In larger pharmaceutical companies each product does nothave as much overall significance. But this is very importantto Genentech," said Robert Riley, a senior consultant at ArthurD. Little Inc.    Some estimated that Genentech could see as much as 1.5billion dlrs from the drug. But with each delay, others canenter the market and catch up to Genentech's lead.    Industry sources pointed out that KabiVitrum, in analliance with Hoechst AG &lt;HFAG.F>, won a recommendation for itsstreptokinase drug on the same day Genentech's application wasdelayed. Streptokinase, an enzyme-based drug, is also used totreat heart attack victims.    In addition, Milstein said that Beecham Group Plc &lt;BHAM.L>has a drug called Eminase which is "the most likely competitorto TPA," and from a clinical standpoint, nearly identical.Beecham's drug has been approved for use in Germany and isawaiting approval in the U.K., he added.     Streptokinase was difficult to administer to heart attackvictims because it would dissolve before it reached the heart.Another method, which involved pumping the drug directly intothe heart through a tube, proved difficult when a heart attackwas in progress. TPA was seen as a savior since it was easierto administer and worked quickly.    But new developments have made streptokinase more effectiveand easier to administer, becoming a potential threat toGenentech's grasp on the TPA market. And if that wasn't enough,about 30 other biotech companies are quickly developing TPA inGenentech's path.     "Genentech's advantage is being first in the market," saidindustry consultant Scott King, formerly an analyst withMontgomery Securities in San Francisco. "They'll be the firstapproved but then they'll face competition after one or twoyears."    The company may also face patent pressures for its drug. Itis currently about to go to court with Beecham Group in theU.K. in a patent dispute. And while its patent is pending inthe U.S., many analysts expect the company to face some suitsas soon as the patent is issued, a potentially more harmfulsituation than any temporary setback in the FDA. Reuter&#3;