The French government will present toparliament a major bill within two months to overhaul the Parisstock market, economics and finance minister Edouard Balladursaid.    Balladur told an Economist conference that on the productside, a series of new contracts, including share options andforward contracts in European Currency Units (ECUs), would beintroduced shortly for trading on the Paris bourse.    The scope of the new bill, however, was to transform theorganisation of equity trading, allowing participants both toperform a banking role and to trade in equities, he said.    "Currently, the French market is based on the Napoleonicprinciple of separation of equity trading and banking. Thisprinciple has become a dividing, and therefore a weakening,factor for the market," Balladur said.    He said under the planned new rules, stock brokers,currently very specialised and undercapitalised, would be freeto link up with powerful financial institutions after afive-year transition period.    Stock brokerages would be subject to legislation similar tothat in the U.K. And U.S., He said, adding the Paris marketwould actively attempt to attract foreign securities houses.    Balladur said the French securities market had enjoyedstrong growth in the past 10 years, with new share and bondissues totalling 430 billion French francs in 1986, comparedwith 53 billion in 1976.    New share issues alone totalled 63 billion francs in 1986,up 230 pct from the 1985 level of 19 billion francs, he said.    Total market capitalisation stood at 3,200 billion francsat end-1986, compared with 400 billion 10 years earlier, whilestock and bond trades were valued at 2,200 billion francs lastyear against 56 billion in 1976, he said.    Balladur, who also had private talks with U.K. PrimeMinister Margaret Thatcher and Chancellor of the ExchequerNigel Lawson, said his government was also preparing a bill toliberalise the French insurance sector.    Under the proposed rules, an independent regulatoryinsurance commission will be set up. The commission will beendowed with powers similar to those of a body set up earlierto monitor the banking sector, Balladur said.    He said the new bill would also aim to adapt insuranceregulation to take account of the ever-closer integration ofall areas of finance. REUTER&#3;