The Louvre agreement by the Group of Sevenfinance ministers and central bankers to stabilise currencieshas worked well and needs no fundamental strengthening at theeconomic summit in Venice on June 8-10, U.K. Chancellor of theExchequer Nigel Lawson said.    Previewing the summit, which he expected would not produceany major new economic initiatives, Lawson told reporters workremained to be done on improving the conditions for lastingworld economic growth.?&#5;&#30;side measures to boost growth, he said.    "I think it is possible that there may be scope for afurther reduction in interest rates in Germany," he added, butstressed that he had had no indication that such a move waslikely. He made no mention of Japanese interest rates.    Lawson said the U.S. Should embark on "a gradual reductionof its fiscal deficits over the next two or three years."    He said the February 22 Louvre accord had produced"satisfactory exchange rate stability," in part thanks to heavycoordinated intervention of Group of Seven central banks, andhe was "content" with sterling's exchange rate.    Pointing to the record 4.8 billion stg rise in U.K. Maycurrency reserves announced today he said, "we have been playinga very full part ourselves ... We have been intervening to avery much greater extent than we had done hitherto."    Lawson said there was a risk that the Louvre agreement mayfalter if member states did not implement the macro-economiccommitments underlying the accord.    "Certainly it would be more difficult to maintain exchangerate stability if countries are seen not to implement theircommitments in Paris ... In this respect." He said the U.S.Budget deficit was "very important."    Noting the 6,000 billion yen economic package announced byJapanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone last week Lawsonsaid, "what is really needed in Japan is an increase inmerchandise imports. Supply side measures are critical."    "There is a specific range of consumer and agriculturalgoods where they have an extremely restrictive regime which iswholly unjustified," he said.    Lawson doubted that Tokyo's partners would indulge in "Japanbashing" at the summit especially after the economic stimulationpackage and the announcement of Nakasone's plans to increaseJapanese development aid over the next three years.    Japan's more flexible stance on Tokyo stock exchangemembership would also help deflect criticism, he said.    He said he thought West Germany would instead come underpressure at the summit to adopt similar stimulation measures tojack up faltering economic growth.    In this respect Lawson said he hoped Bonn would bringforward to January 1988 part of its agreed package of tax cutsscheduled for 1990. He also called on Bonn to push ahead withthe privatisation of German national industries.    On debt, Lawson said he expected a three point British planto alleviate the burden of the poorest sub-saharan countries tomake progress in Venice.    The plan, involving concessional rescheduling of sovereigndebt in the Paris Club, was first proposed at the IMF and WorldBank meetings in Washington earlier this year.    Lawson said he would seek "to consolidate political backingfor the plan at the Venice summit" and hoped the programme wouldbe finalised at the Autumn meetings of the IMF and World Bank.    He welcomed the recent moves by Citicorp and ChaseManhattan to increase sharply their Third World debtprovisions.    "First, it is a blow for realism. Second, because the marketresponse has shown that banks have much less to fear from thissort of move than they felt before Citicorp," he said.    U.K. Banks should follow Bank of England recommendations,strengthening their balance sheets and making more provisions."They have done it to some extent, they need to do it more,"Lawson said, adding it was up to the banks themselves todetermine the appropriate size of provisions.    He also said the dismantling of farm subsidies would bediscussed at the summit. "There is a consensus, which we have topush further." REUTER&#3;