Petroleum futures rallied today in amarket that was expecting declines in domestic supplies andbecame further unsettled by escalated Mideast fighting.    Crude oil, gasoline and heating oil all posted gains on theNew York Mercantile Exchange, with crude oil prices matchinglife-of-contract highs. Crude for delivery in May closed 17cents higher at 18.84 dlrs a barrel.    "Crude futures could jump above 19 dlrs a barrel but willnot remain there long if products are not strong," RobertMurphy, account executive at E.F. Hutton, said.    Traders said prices were supported by anticipation that theAmerican Petroleum Institute would report a decline in domesticinventories of petroleum products in a weekly report.    Traders said prices also were supported by an escalation inthe Iran-Iraq war, with the Iranians reportedly launching a newoffensive against Iraqi positions, and Iraq attacking offshoreoil fields and an oil export depot.    Buying by speculators continued to prompt gains in gold andsilver futures on the Commodity Exchange in New York.    Gold prices retreated at midday, but rallied before theclose with support from the silver market, which wasapproaching two-year highs, traders said.    Soybean futures posted strong gains on the Chicago Board ofTrade, while corn and wheat were mostly higher.    Traders said cash sales have been slow in the country, andthe soybean harvest in Brazil has been delayed by rain, whichis limiting supplies.    In addition, the Agriculture Department last week projecteda substantial drop in soybean acreage this year.     Monday'sreport that the USDA inspected 46 mln bushels of corn forexport last week was unexpectedly high and, coupled with a lackof farm sales, provided support for the corn market, traderssaid.    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies rallied on the ChicagoMercantile Exchange, while cattle ended lower.    Live hogs pushed ahead on a lack of supplies because manyfarmers are turning their attention to spring planting ratherthan marketing livestock, traders said, noting that cash saleshave been lighter than expected this week.    The lack of marketing also has supported pork bellies, butprices drifted lower for moderate losses in nearby months asspeculators sold contracts to take profits, traders said.    Cattle prices closed lower but continued to show strengthrelated to tight supplies.    Prices pushed ahead to new contract highs, extending gainspast three-year peaks set Monday, as tight supplies forced meatpackers to bid aggressively for available animals.    However, some traders sold contracts to take profits afterthe extended rally, which has seen the April delivery contractsoar to 69.90 cents a pound from 56 cents a pound at the startof the year.    New York coffee futures closed higher on trade talk Brazilwould not be an aggressive seller near term, analysts said. Reuter&#3;