The Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME)has proposed stringent limits on the portion of futures tradingthat can be conducted between "trading rings," or  affiliatedgroups of floor brokers, according to a CME spokesman.    Violators would be subject to fines of as much as 50,000dlrs, the exchange said in a letter distributed to its membersearlier this week.    The proposal is one of the reforms the exchange's Board ofGovernors suggested to curb practices that have come under firefor unfairly limiting competition on the floor. Local tradersclaim that trading among broker "rings" violates theopen-outcry system prevailing in the futures markets.    Limits on ring trading would be applied floor-wide underthe proposal. The other reforms, which address dual trading,would apply only to the Standard and Poor's 500 stock indexfutures pit.    A debate over dual trading, the practice of trading forone's own account and filling customer orders, has arisenbecause many traders believe it can create a climate fortrading abuses, especially in the extremely volatile stockindex futures pit.    Adoption of the Board of Governors' reforms hinges on anApril 13 vote of CME members on a membership petition, signedby several hundred members in February, that would bar all dualtrading at the exchange.    Defeat of the petition is likely, according to a floorbroker contacted by Reuters, who also said he welcomed thelimits on the "ring" traders. If members reject the petition,that would open up the way for the Board of Governors' reforms.    CME President William Brodsky said the need to curb brokergroup trading has grown "as the groups have gotten larger." "Alot of the individuals were losing business because they werefaced with a large-scale competition. The Board began studyingthe problem about six months ago.    Under the proposed reforms, members of a broker rings --defined as brokers who share brokerage fees, revenues,expenses, a deck of customer orders or employee salary expenses-- would be barred from trading more than 15 pct of theirpersonal trades with each other. Those found in violation wouldbe subject to fines of up to 50,000 dlrs.    Broker ring members would also be prohibited from tradingmore than 25 pct of customer orders with each other. Fines ofup to 10,000 dlrs would be levied on violators.    More stringent limits were proposed on individual tradingthan customer orders because "we don't want to negativelyimpact customer orders," Brodsky said. "On the other hand, theneed to do a personal order is very different."    Broker associations would also be limited to having no morethan one member serving on an exchange disciplinary or pitcommittee. Reuter&#3;