Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> has seen aslow start to 1987 after posting record profits in 1986,management board joint spokesman F. Wilhelm Christians said.    Credit business declined in the first few weeks of theyear, and the interest margin was squeezed further. The weakGerman bourse saw earnings on commission fall sharply, andtrading in securities also fell. But earnings from currencydealing were still satisfactory, he told a news conference.    Deutsche group partial operating profits rose to 3.78billion marks in 1986 from 2.92 billion in 1985 on a balancesheet of 257.22 billion marks after 237.23 billion.    Profits were swollen by earnings from the placement of theformer Flick group, which have been estimated at some onebillion marks, and from record profits in trading on the bank'sown account, not included in partial operating profits.    Earnings from the Flick transaction were booked through asubsidiary, and therefore showed up as part of the interestsurplus in a section current earnings from securities andparticipations.    In the group this nearly doubled to 2.64 billion marks from1.45 billion.    As usual the bank did not detail total operating profits.    But it said that total operating profits, including ownaccount trading, rose 24.9 pct or 4.5 pct without the Flicktransaction in the group, and 35.1 pct or seven pct in theparent bank.    Banking analysts said this put group total operatingprofits at some 6-1/2 to seven billion marks, and parent bankoperating profits at over five billion marks.    Christians said Deutsche used the extraordinary earningsfrom Flick to pay a record five mark bonus on top of itsunchanged 12 mark dividend.    The bank had decided against raising the dividend itselfbecause of the uncertain business outlook at the end of 1986,and developments so far this year showed that was correct,Christians said.    West German banks rarely raise dividends unless they aresure they can maintain the increased payout in subsequentyears, preferring to use bonuses for one-of profits.    The bank also used its extraordinary earnings to continue ahigh level of risk provision, Christians said.    Disclosed group risk provisions rose to 867 mln marks in1986 from 765 mln in 1985.    Under German law, disclosed provisions do not necessarilyreflect the full amount of risk provisions.    Management board joint spokesman Alfred Herrhausen saidDeutsche's total debt exposure to problem countries had fallento over six billion marks in 1986 from 7.4 billion in 1985because of the fall in the dollar.    He agreed with a questioner who asked if over two thirds ofsuch problem country debt had been written off.    Deutsche Bank posted a sharp rise in holdings of "othersecurities," to 4.64 billion marks from 2.71 billion in theparent bank.    Christians said this 1.93-billion-mark rise was partly dueto its increased activity in international share placements,with some shares such as those from Fiat SpA's internationalplacement last year remaining on its books.    Herrhausen said that no concrete measures were planned toplace these shares and conclude the original placement. Reuter&#3;