The United States has openly attackedJapan's tight-fisted fiscal policy for the first time andwarned Tokyo its promised economic package in April must besignificant, senior U.S. Officials said.    In high-level talks last week, the U.S. Criticised Japan'soverall fiscal policy as deflationary and argued that itsfiscal position is not as dire as it says.    The criticism reflects a growing feeling among some U.S.Policy-makers that Japan's tight fiscal policy is frustratingattempts to stimulate domestic demand and boost imports.    The U.S. Attack represents a distinct shift by theconservative Reagan administration, which until recently hasbeen sympathetic to Tokyo's efforts to reduce the governmentrole in the economy, diplomats said.    Pointing out that Japan pledged in Paris last month to takeaction to boost demand, a senior U.S. Treasury official saidthe April package must be more than routine.    Japanese government bureaucrats have already said they donot expect the package to contain much more than a rehash oflast April's measures.    That means accelerated public investment, lower interestrates on government housing loans and measures to pass alongthe benefits of the strong yen to consumers, none of whichwould have a major immediate economic impact.    Several Japanese officials agreed that the real obstacle tostimulating the economy is the fiscal policy pursued by theFinance Ministry and said they welcomed the shift in U.S.Policy.    But they expressed concern that the move might backfire byfanning resentment against U.S. Interference in domesticaffairs.    Makoto Kuroda, vice minister for international affairs atthe Ministry of International Trade and Industry, said Japanwould stimulate the economy not in response to U.S. Criticism,but to meet mounting pressure from Japanese businessmen.    The shift in U.S. Policy is also causing some nervousnesswithin the Reagan administration.    U.S. Undersecretary of State for Economic Affairs AllenWallis told reporters last week the U.S. Does not necessarilywant an increase in Japan's budget deficit.    "There are many measures Japan could take to stimulate itseconomy," he said.    The argument is not new and has been raised in the past bythe Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.    What is new is U.S. Backing for the position.    At last week's talks, Japanese officials said, they arguedTokyo had been able to maintain a tight fiscal stance and boostthe economy with funds from the giant postal savings system.    But the Finance Ministry was interested enough to ask for,and receive, the figures supporting the new U.S. Position, asenior U.S. Official said.    Other western officials are not so sure. They said it wouldtake time to boost public investment much further, as there arenot that many projects in the pipeline.    Stepped-up capital spending would help domesticconstruction companies, but it would not have much impact onimports, they added. REUTER&#3;