American Motors Corp said it will takesteps to build a proposed new jeep vehicle at an unspecified"alternative location" after the weekend breakdown of talkswith the United Automobile Workers union on a concessionarycontract covering workers at AMC's Wisconsin operations.    AMC spokesman Lloyd Northard told Reuters that the companywill not build its new Jeep ZJ sports utility vehicle at itsKenosha, Wisc., assembly plant as a result of the talks'failure.    "We sincerely regret this outcome, but the responsibilityfor it rests entirely with the local union bargainingcommittees," the company said in a statement.    "We will, therefore, initiate the actions necessary toplace the new Jeep product in an alternative location ratherthan at Kenosha."    UAW officials said during the weekend they did not regardthe collapse of talks as final after the company's "final"proposal on a new contract was unanimously rejected by unionbargainers.    But AMC said the union's rejection of its concessionspackage means that plants in Kenosha and Milwaukee will lose6,500 jobs because the assembly complex in Kenosha "will not begetting new work" as had been proposed with a new contract.    "This unfortunate outcome demonstrates the difficulty ofmaintaining existing working and bringing new work to existingU.S. operations," AMC said.    Asked if the company considered the decision to phase outthe Kenosa plant by 1989 as previously detailed to be final,Northard said: "If the union came to us and said they wouldaccept our final proposal, that's another matter."    But the company charged bargainers for UAW Locals 72 and 75had reneged on commitments for a new agreement with lower laborrates made in 1985 when the union locals negotiated aconcessionary agreement covering AMC's Wisconsin operations.    AMC, which last week reported its first profitable quarterin two years, said it wanted a contract for the plants withlabor rates and work rules comparable to agreements between theUAW and Japanese automakers operating in the U.S.    Wall Street investors reacted to the AMC-UAW impasse bydriving down AMC's stock price. In active trading, AMC was off3/8 to 3-1/2, a 9.7 pct decline since Friday's close.    Reuter&#3;