President Reagan is willingto compromise with Democrats in Congress on a plan to raise newfederal revenues next year if they back his plan to reform thebudget process, White House Budget Chief James Miller said.    "If the Democrats want to insist that the president saywhatever is agreed to is a tax increase, then they'd betterjust forget it because he's not going to do that," Miller saidin an interview with Reuters.    "But there are a lot of revenues other than those thepresident proposed (in his January budget plan), I think, thatwe might look seriously at," he added.    The Reagan budget, which has been widely criticized by bothDemocrats and Republicans in Congress, envisages raising 22billion dlrs in new revenues through the sale of a package ofgovernment assets and new fees on certain federal services.    President Reagan has repeatedly vowed to veto any taxincrease voted by Congress for the 1988 financial year, arguingthat cutting domestic spending was a better way to reduce thehuge federal deficit.    The deficit, which totaled 221 billion dlrs last year, isexpected to decline to about 175 billion dlrs this year andwould fall to about 140 billion dlrs next year under a budgetblueprint recently approved by Congress.    The one trillion dlr congressional budget plan containsabout 19 billion dlr in additional revenues from new taxes inthe government's budgetary year beginning October 1.    The plan does not say how the additional revenues are to beraised, leaving it to the House Ways and Means and SenateFinance committees to fill in the details later this year.    Miller appeared to be signaling that the president mightconsider some sort of tax increase despite his frequentlystated rejection of the concept.    However, Miller declined to say which new revenue sourcesmight be acceptable to the president.    "I think it would be counterproductive for me to (set outoptions) which might suggest that we have one thing or anotherin mind," the White House budget chief said.    He cautioned Congress about the political repercussions ofcertain moves, such as raising excise taxes on beer, cigarettesor telephone service, or raising corporate or personal incometax rates.    "I think that those in Congress who think it will be asimple matter to go along with some increase in excise taxesare underestimating what they would be getting themselves into,"he said. "What they don't really realize is that the politicalopposition they are going to feel to excise taxes is going tobe a lot hotter tahn the political opposition to user fees, incertain ways, or asset sales," he continued.    "But there are a lot of other things and revenue issues ingovernment that probably ought to be addressed," he said.    Before agreeing to a revenue package, the president wouldinsist on reform of the budget process, Miller said.    "The president is not going to take a sucker punch. He's notgoing to sit down and try to negotiate out a budget when wecan't be sure that whatever the president agrees to in factwill be delivered," he emphasized.    "We'd like to have a budget process that gives us acontract, so that if the president agrees to something, he candepend on its coming through."    After returning to the United States from the economicsummit in Venice earlier this month, President Reagan revivedan earlier unsuccessful campaign for budget reform, calling fora constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget and thepower -- called a "line-item veto" -- to block individual itemsin congressional spending bills.    At the Venice summit, U.S. trading partners called onWashington to cut its budget deficit to help reduce globaltrade imbalances.       Miller told an Italian journalist here yesterday that U.S.trading partners "have to have faith and trust in the ability ofthe United tates to deal with its problems."    He said a deficit cut of about 40 to 45 billion dlrs a year"is about the optimal rate of reduction in the deficit. I don'tthink we can end the deficit overnight... I think we've got tohave a gradual reduction over a period of several years." Miller is in Beaver Creek attending the sixth annual WorldForum, a gathering of current and former government officialsand business representatives discussing world economic andpolitical issues. Reuter&#3;