American Telephone and Telegraph Cosaid it formed a 600-member sales force dedicated exclusivelyto its computers and other data systems products.    Separately, ATT denied reports that it plans to buy back alarge chunk of its stock. ATT's stock was up 1/4 points at25-1/8 in heavy trading.    The company said it also created a separate 600-member teamthat will educate the computer sales force and its other salesgroups on ATT's computer products. This group, ATT said,reports directly to Vittorio Cassoni, senior vice president ofits computer unit, called the Data Systems division.    Cassoni, speaking at a news conference at which ATTunveiled its most powerful mid-range computer, said the salesgroups will provide a "sharper focus" to ATT's computermarketing efforts.    The executive, hired from Olivetti to bolster ATT'sunsuccessful campaign to become a major vendor of computergear, also said the company is committed to its 3B line ofmid-range computers. He said ATT backed the 3B line despitewidespread criticism throughout the industry that it isinferior to mid-range systems made by International BusinessMachines Corp &lt;IBM>, Digital Equipment Corp &lt;DEC> and others.    Cassoni, however, said ATT would strenghten the 3B linewithin the next three or four months. He said ATT will offernew, more powerful mid-range computers that will protect theinvestments of existing 3B users in ATT hardware and software.    In justifying the company's commitment to the 3B line,which was originally developed for internal use by ATT and itsformer Bell telephone company units, Cassoni pointed to severalrecent sales that he said proved the mid-range line'scommercial viability.    One example he provided was a recent 34 mln dlr deal ATTsigned with the United States Postal Service.    Cassoni also said ATT will announce a new personal computerbased on the powerful 80386 microprocessor from Intel Corp&lt;INTC>.   Compaq Computer Corp &lt;CPQ> is already selling a 386-based PCand IBM is widely expected to announce a 386 machine sometimethis year.   Cassoni said the Data Systems division is unprofitable andthat it will take "a couple of years" for the division to meetits goal of making a "substantial contribution to ATT'searnings stream." But, he added, the division is "approaching"the point where it can start making money.    Cassoni said the new products introduced today are "a verysignificant step to foster our efforts in the computerbusiness."    Among the new offerings is the 3B2/600 minicomputer, whichATT said can provide up to four times the processing power ofthe 3B2/400, previously its biggest computer.    But with a top speed of 4.0 mips, or million instructionsper second, the top-of-line 3B cannot match the computing powerof rival systems from IBM and DEC. Reuter&#3;