Investors are unloading holdings ofHong Kong stocks following a spate of new share issues byleading local firms, analysts said.    The Hang Seng index fell 61.07 to 2,713.81 yesterday onspeculation that Hutchison Whampoa Ltd planned a bonus issue ofnew "B" shares.    After yesterday's market close Hutchison and its parentCheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd both announced one-for-two bonusissues of "B" shares. The news sent the index down 63.51 pointsto 2,650.30 in today's morning session.    The Cheung Kong companies' issues  followed JardineMatheson Holdings Ltd's announcement on Friday of afour-for-one bonus issue of new "B" shares.    There is also market speculation that Evergo IndustrialEnterprise Ltd will make a similar move, following a requestfor suspension in share trading by the firm today.    Analysts said these new issues will have an adverse impacton trading.    James Miller-Day, director of County Securities Asia Ltd,said: "I don't like the concept of "B" shares because it willcreate inequality among equities."    He said the issue of "B" shares could create a conflict ofinterest with holders of other classes of shares, noting most "B"shares are issued at a par value equivalent to one-tenth of the"A" shares, but enjoy similar voting rights.    Other analysts said the new issues also renewed concernover local corporate attitudes towards political changes inHong Kong after the British colony reverts to China in 1997.    Controlling shareholders can maintain control of localfirms by issuing cheaper shares, with much of the new stockbeing distributed to themselves, analysts said.    Those shareholders can reduce their investment exposurehere by selling some of their "A" shares and using the funds fornew investment, possibly overseas.    An analyst at a major brokerage house said Li Ka-shing,chairman of both Cheung Kong and Hutchison, might be planningto fund future expansion by switching "A" shares for "B" shares.    Other analysts noted that the Cheung Kong group has alreadytaken a major stake in Husky Oil Ltd of Canada and a minorityshare in Pearson Plc of Britain.    Hutchison has begun a major project to expand berthingfacilities at its Hong Kong International Terminal Ltd andCheung Kong will bid for a big land reclamation development atHong Kong harbour.    The analysts said timing of the new issues was wrongbecause the local market had already been hit by declines onWall Street and London since the beginning of the week.    "(The issues) came at a time when world stock markets arereeling from tensions between the U.S. And Japan over theirtrade relations," said Barry Yates, director of Hoare GovettAsia Ltd.    Jardine Matheson's shares enjoyed a brief rally after theannouncement of the new issue, though they have lost 2.50 H.K.Dlrs since last Friday to stand at 22.30 dlrs today.    Cheung Kong was down two dlrs from yesterday's close at41.25 dlrs and Hutchison fell 3.25 dlrs to 49.75 dlrs. REUTER&#3;