The European Community wants to eliminateall obstacles to free movement of goods, services and people by1992, a laudable goal that has sent shivers down the spines ofits closest trading neighbours.    Europe's outsiders -- the six members of the European FreeTrade Association (EFTA), and other small states -- fear thegrowing power of the 12 EC member countries, a market of 320mln people, one and a half times as big as the whole U.S.    And as the Community celebrates its 30th anniversary, innon-EC countries from Ankara to Oslo, an attitude is emergingwhich says, "If you can't beat them, join them."    In June 1985, the Community adopted a plan to create an"internal market" without restrictions, which included new goalson everything from tourism to the rules of bank accounting.    The plan is so extensive that even the EFTA countries --Switzerland, Austria, Sweden, Norway, Finland and Iceland --with decades of close trade ties, find it hard to adopt a jointposition.    Last month Turkey formally requested EC membership,receiving a polite reply from Brussels that the time was notripe.    In Austria, where its 1955 charter of neutrality forbidsjoining political alliances, the government is looking for waysto become a "de facto" EC member.    And in Norway, where membership was rejected in a 1972referendum, government officials are wondering whether thepolitical climate has changed.    But nowhere has the debate been more existential than inSwitzerland, which has resisted all alliances for 700 years.    The Swiss are a microcosm of Europe, living geographicallyin the very heart of Europe and speaking the languages of thethree big economies -- Germany, France and Italy.    Swiss neutrality, which has kept the country out of theUnited Nations and the International Monetary Fund, would seemto preclude membership in the Community, given the EC's looselink with the Western defence alliance NATO.    But an opinion poll late last year, held in theFrench-speaking part of the country, showed a majority favouredjoining the Community.    Since then, government officials have stressed that, whilemembership was impossible, Switzerland should do everythingpossible not to be locked out when the trade barriers insidethe EC come down.    State secretary for foreign trade Franz Blankart, said itis inconceivable the whole Swiss nation -- including the moreconservative German-speaking majority -- would vote formembership.    But Switzerland must be more than just a "satellite," hesaid, now that the enlarged Community is extending itself intoareas omitted by the founding Treaty of Rome.    These areas, including pharmaceutical research andtechnological development, are the key to the economic futureof Switzerland and the Community alike, he adds.    "We cannot permit ourselves the luxury of passivelyfollowing the Community's new dynamic of integration," he says.    The Swiss economy ministry has drawn up a detailed analysisof the EC White Paper on the internal market, outlining theSwiss response to each point. While some refer to a collectiveEFTA stance, officials admit that on many issues Switzerlandmay have act alone.    The new EC plans on transport, for example, would have asevere impact on Switzerland and Austria, whose roads carrymost of the traffic between Italy and its EC partners.    But rules such as the volume of petrol buses are allowed tocarry across a border have much less importance to Sweden orFinland.    Switzerland wants to work out ways to help people crossingits borders with West Germany, France and Italy. But it isafraid the liberal border controls Denmark, an EC member, haswith the non-EC Nordic countries might pose a threat tosecurity.   And pin the fields of banking and insurance -- the verylifeblood of Switzerland's service sector -- Swiss interestscould prove directly opposite to its EFTA partners with theirpppppppnarrow and tightly protected financial markets.    The biggest danger ahead, EFTA members have said, would bethat their divided interests might leave the EC free to setwhatever guidelines and standards it wanted and force them onother European states that wanted to trade. REUTER&#3;