An Inland Revenue ruling accompanyingtoday's U.K. Budget would eliminate a favourable tax treatmenton certain foreign loans by British banks and may be a"nightmare" of practical application, banking sources said.    This is because banks will only be able to offset the taxcredit for foreign withholding tax paid on the interest theyreceive against the corporation tax on the profit of a specificloan. Currently, the tax credit is calculated against a banksprofits as a whole.    For banks, compliance with the ruling could indeed be anightmare since they don't fund loans on a individual basis.    Many of the loans that would be affected by the tax changeare those to less developed countries, such as those in LatinAmerica. Bankers could not estimate how many loans wereinvolved expect to suggest it was a "sizable number."    In a statement, the Inland Revenue said that on loans madeon or after April 1, the new measures would apply to interestarising from that date. On existing loans at that date, themeasures would apply to interest arising from April 1, 1988.    Government sources noted that the existing treatment ofwithholding tax on interest has enabled some banks to reduceinterest rates on overseas loans, thereby lowering the revenueto the U.K. Treasury.    The new measures, they said, are designed to  reduce thesubsidy given to overseas lending through the tax system andbring the U.K. System more into line with those of overseascompetitors.    The Inland Revenue estimated that the income to theTreausry would be negligible in 1987/88 but could build up overtime from about 20 mln stg in 1988/89 to 60 mln stg in 1990/91.    But while compliance with the new measures couldnecessitate hours of clerical work, bankers said the end returnto the Treasury may not prove as lucrative as anticipated.    They noted that most documentation accompanying these loanscontains a clause allowing for a loan to be restructured if thetax treatment changes. However, they were unsure to what extentthe loans would and could be changed.    Bankers said they would seek clarification from the InlandRevenue, particularly on how to calculate the cost of theseloans. Revenue said it hopes to keep costs of compliance to aminimum. Reuter&#3;