The visit this week by a specialJapanese envoy has done little to defuse Japan's tradefrictions with the United States, U.S. and congressionalleaders say.    White House and congressional leaders took a wait-and-seestance, after a series of meetings with former Japanese ForeignMinister Shintaro Abe, who was here paving the way for theApril 29-May 2 visit of Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone.    They are withholding judgment until Nakasone's visit, withone senator saying Japan had promised to stimulate its economyand open its markets to foreign goods in the past, but it wastime now for action.    The U.S. trade deficit last year was a record 169.8 billiondlrs, with more than one-third of it in trade with Japan.    Congress is ready to approve tough trade legislation to tryto turn around the deficit, which has cost millions of U.S.jobs and closed thousands of factories.    Much of the anger has been directed at Japan.    U.S.-Japan trade friction was further fueled by PresidentReagan's April 17 decision to impose 100 pct tariffs on 300 mlndlrs worth of Japanese goods in retaliation for unfairpractices in semiconductor trade.    Reagan said he imposed the tariffs on personal computers,television sets and hand tools because Japan failed to keep anagreement to end dumping semiconductors in world markets atless than cost and to open its home market to U.S. products.     Abe had asked Reagan to end the tariffs quickly, but U.S.officials said the curbs would not be dropped until Japan hadshown it was honoring the pact, which could take severalmonths.    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater, asked if Nakasone'svisit might help to defuse trade tensions, said "whetherprogress can be made depends on how you want to measure it."    He added, "I would expect progress to be made. If you wantto measure that in terms of lifting the sanctions, that's moredoubtful."    Congressmen were equally skeptical.    Abe met Senate and Democratic leaders active in tradelegislation, telling them of Japan's plan to spur domesticspending by 34 billion dlrs and open its markets to a widerange of goods, including supercomputers and farm products.    Sen. John Danforth, a Missouri Republican, said after themeeting, "We have heard promises in the past, but the questionnow is whether there will be real action."    Abe also met House leaders pressing for a tough trade bill,including Congressman Richard Gephardt, a Missouri Democrat.    Gephardt is sponsoring legislation to penalize nations withlarge deficits and which are guilty of unfair trade practices.    Gephardt's legislation would hit Japan, as well as Taiwan,South Korea, and West Germany. The bill is expected to pass theHouse next week - coinciding with Nakasone's visit - but itsfate in the more moderate Senate is uncertain. A bipartisangroup of senators, however, told Nakasone in a letter releasedas Abe was holding Senate meetings, that fresh Japanese-U.S.trade strife would erupt if Japan's markets were not soonopened to American goods.    The signers included Democratic leader Robert Byrd of WestVirginia, Republican leader Robert Dole of Kansas and othersranging from moderate to hardline on trade issues.    They said in the letter there was growing U.S. sentimentthat Japan was fighting opening its markets and "evidence to thecontrary is necessary to combat this perception, or it islikley that additional efforts will be attempted to close offthe American market to Japanese goods.   Reuter&#3;