The dollar remained on the defensive insubdued dealings with few traders willing to take any majorrisks ahead of this week's international monetary meetings inWashington, dealers said.    "Everybody is waiting for developments from the talks. Inthe meantime, it's just jobbing positions back and forth," saida dealer at one U.S. bank.    The Group of Five, comprising the U.S., Japan, WestGermany, France and the U.K., are scheduled to convene today.    The dollar hovered at 145.25/30 yen, down from 145.85/90last night, and eased to 1.8255/60 marks from 1.8260/70.    The stage for the dollar's decline was set overnight in theFar East where the U.S. currency retreated despite steadyintervention on its behalf by the Bank of Japan.    Dealers in Japan cited speculation that the G-5/G-7 talksare unlikely to produce any significant or lasting measures tostabilize currencies as one reason for the sell-off.    No central bank intervention was detected in the U.S. wherethe dollar kept well within recent trading parameters.    Despite the view that trade and economic imbalances dictatea downward course for the dollar, few U.S. dealers wished tosell it aggressively before this week's meetings.    Statements by Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volckerduring testimony before the Senate Banking Committe failed torouse the market from its inertia.    Volcker reiterated that a further, sizeable dollar declinemay be counter-productive. He also said that currency changesthat have occurred so far should be large enough -- in acontext of a growing world economy and fiscal restraint in theU.S. -- to support expectations for a narrower U.S. trade gap.    "There was nothing new or remarkable there," said a dealerat one European bank. The dollar's brief rise to 1.8270 markswas already underway when Volcker spoke, he added.    With the dollar becalmed, dealers looked to cross-rates,especially sterling, yen and Swiss franc, for interest.    Sterling continued to benefit from U.K. public opinionpolls indicating a lead for the ruling Conservative party inany general election and following signals of an improvedeconomy.    The pound hovered at 1.6175/85 dlrs, unchanged from Monday,and at 2.955 marks, off slightly from about 2.955 last night.    The dollar eased to 1.5120/30 Swiss francs from 1.5180/90,and to 1.3048/53 Canadian dollars from 1.3080/85 yesterday. Reuter&#3;