World Bank President Barber Conableexpressed concern that trade protectionism, at the heart of anew showdown between the United States and Japan, might spreadthroughout the industrial world.    But in an interview with Reuters, Conable said the actionby the United States to slap tariffs on certain electronicgoods from Japan did not mean the countries were heading for afull-scale trade war.    Conable said the World Bank has been pressing developingcountries to open their markets, arguing that a free tradingenvironment increased the possibility of global economicgrowth.    "We have, in fact, been making adjustment loans to manycountries in the developing world which have encouraged theopening of their markets and we want to be sure that thedeveloped world doesn't close at the same time," he said.    He said the U.S. action against Japan was "a significantretaliatory step but it did not constitute a basic change intrade policy."    The interview came just before next week's semi-annualmeetings of the Bank and the International Monetary Fund.    Referring to Brazil's recent interest payments moratorium,Conable also said the global debt situation was very seriousand must be closely watched.    He said the Bank, which in the past has concentrated onmaking loans that assist the basic underpinnings in thedeveloping world such as dams, roads and sewers, willincreasingly make assistance available for economic reform.    The Bank has increased these loans, in part because of thedebt crisis that has found countries desperately in need of newfunds for balance of payments adjustment and economic reformsaimed at opening their markets, encouraging foreign investmentand reducing government's role in the economy.    "We're comfortable with adjustment lending, we expect,however, that it will never reach a majority of our portfolio,"Conable said.    He made clear, however, that adjustment lending wouldcontinue to increase as a proportion of overall Bank lendingfor some time.    He noted, "the problem of debt was a severe one and manycountries are asking for adjustment assistance because of theproblem of debt."    Conable, is a a former Republican Congressman from New Yorkchosen by President Reagan for the Bank position last year. Heis an associate of Treasury Secertary James Baker who launchedthe U.S. strategy for shoring up indebted nations in October,1985 which included a call for increased adjustment lending bythe World Bank.    Conable also said that he expected the result of a majorstudy of the Bank's organization to be completed in the nextseveral weeks.    He said the decision to seek a reorganization was based, inpart, on the fact that the Bank had come under fire from thepoorest countries for not doing enough to help and from therichest countries because of inefficiency.    the reorganization is considered a major initiative byConable, and is being closely-watched by the agency's 151member-countries as an indication of his management style andpriorities.    "I want to be sure this institution is viewed by those whomust support it as soundly constituted so that it will bepermitted to grow," Conable said.    However, he said "I don't believe there is anythingbasically wrong with this institution and I don't believe ithas to have any redefinition of its purpose."    He said, however, that it was apparent that the debtinitiative proposed by Baker has given the Bank a central rolein dealing with the debt crisis.    Conable added that cooperation between the Bank and itssister agency, the International Monetary Fund, was good andthat he talked often with IMF Managing Director MichelCamdessus on a variety of issues.    On a personal level, Conable said that he not feel a needto put his personal stamp on the Bank noting that "I don't havea particular mission here except to be useful to theinstitution and to the process of development."    He added, "so I don't feel a great calling to personalizethe institution."    On the development needs of sub-Sahara Africa, Conable saidthat the Bank was constantly reviewing new ways for assistingthe region, noting that half of the recently agreed financingof 12.4 billion dlrs for Bank's International DevelopmentAssociation was earmarked for Africa.    Leading industrial nations are expected to consider newforms of debt relief for the very poorest nations, like thosein the Sub-Sahara, during next week's meetings. Reuter&#3;