European Community (EC)finance ministers and central bankers agreed on the need forgreater cooperation to strengthen the European Monetary System(EMS) against international market turbulence, officials said.    "There was a general will to reinforce the European MonetarySystem, with all that implies," Belgian Finance Minister MarkEyskens said yesterday after hosting a one-day session ofinformal talks at this Belgian coastal resort.    The gathering was the first such discussion since thesecond major realignment of EMS parities within nine months inJanuary.    The system has come under severe strain as funds haveflowed out of the slumping dollar and into the dominant EMScurrency, the West German mark, sending it soaring againstweaker currencies in the system.    But Eyskens said February's agreement between leadingwestern industrialised nations to stabilise exchange rates ataround current levels was working and this would allow the ECto speed up its efforts to boost the internal stability of theEMS.    He told a news conference yesterday's meeting agreed on theneed for closer coordination among EMS member governments ofinterest rate policies and of interest rate differentialsbetween different countries.    They also agreed they needed better coordination ofexchange market intervention to hold currencies stable, bothwhen they reached their fixed EMS limits and within theiragreed margins.    But Eyskens said this coordination raised a whole range oftechnical problems and ministers would discuss these further inLuxembourg in June on the basis of proposals from the EC'sMonetary Committee and Committee of Central Bank Governors.    He said the EC needed a set of indicators of economicconvergence betwen Community countries and it was importantthat interest rates fulfilled this role together with exchangerates and inflation rates.    The Belgian minister, whose country presently holds thepresidency of the community, made clear the meeting had notproduced any agreement to move radically forward in developingthe EMS towards the EC's long term goal of economic andmonetary integration.    "We have committed ourselves to reestablishing the normalfunctioning of the system," Eyskens said.    Eyskens has repeatedly stressed that he believes the EMShas to be reinforced if the EC's plans to liberalise allmovements of capital across national borders by 1992 are to goahead.    EC executive Commission President Jacques Delors told themeeting the authority would put forward proposals for a finalphase of capital market liberalisation in October that wouldinclude safeguard clauses for member countries for which themove would create difficulties.    Eyskens said the ministers and central bankers alsodiscussed the need to "dedramatise" realignments of EMS paritiesby letting high-ranking monetary officials carry them out bytelephone rather than calling a meeting of finance ministers.    However, West German sources said Bonn Finance MinisterGerhard Stoltenberg was unenthusiastic about the idea.    British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson toldjournalists that one of the technical issues raised by greatercoordination of exchange market intervention was the questionof which currencies should be used to intervene and held incentral bank reserves.    He said several EMS member countries believed the EMS wouldwork better if central banks held each other's currencies -- anissue of particular importance regarding West Germany since theBundesbank holds only dollars in its foreign exchange reserves.    He said the debate on dedramatising EMS realignmentsreflected a general feeling among participants that the way theJanuary reshuffle had been conducted was unsatisfactory.   The realignment was marked by acrimony between France andWest Germany, with each side blaming the other for strains inthe system that forced the parity overhaul. REUTER&#3;