The Stock Exchange of Singapore (SES)plans to introduce electronic trading of shares listed on theNational Association of Securities Dealers Automated QuotationSystem (NASDAQ) in the U.S. And on London's Stock ExchangeAutomated Quotation System, banking sources said.    The SES is discussing the idea with the London and New Yorkauthorities. Gordon Macklin, president of the NationalAssociation of Securities Dealers in Washington, said he wasvery optimistic about an early agreement, possibly by the endof this month.    Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) sources told Reutersthey supported the proposed linking of computer trading systemson the three exchanges, and the banking sources said localfinancial support for the plan existed.    Macklin said if an agreement were reached it would move thethree exchanges towards 24-hour trading, with Singapore fillinga gap when no trading takes place.    A small group of selected stocks would be used at the startof three-centre trading to determine investor interest.    The Singapore, London and New York authorities have agreedin principle on how the three exchanges would trade andtransfer information among the different time zones, but somedetails still have to be worked out, a senior Singapore bankdirector said.    Questions remain concerning investor willingness to deploysufficient capital in Singapore to ensure adequate marketliquidity and communication links to the other three centres.    But if agreement is reached, Singapore will have a headstart over the other Asian financial centres in Hong Kong,Toyko and Australia, he said.    On February 18 the SES created the Stock Exchange ofSingapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System (SESDAQ),modelled on NASDAQ.    At present SESDAQ is trading the shares of only onecompany, the government-owned Singapore National Printers Ltd(SNP), but its turnover has been fairly active, and other smallfirms have said they plan to seek listings soon.    Market sources expect the next few companies listed willalso be government-owned entities, which would have no problemmeeting the listing conditions. Approval for a listing ofTrans-Island Bus Service Pte Ltd is expected soon, they said.    SNP, previously wholly-owned by the government's TemasekHoldings (Pte) Ltd, issued seven mln 50-cent shares at one dlreach last month in a public offering oversubscribed 119 times.    In SESDAQ trading, SNP shares have advanced from an initial1.87 dlrs to a Friday close of 2.32 after a 2.80 high. So farmore than 900,000 shares have traded. REUTER&#3;