Pakistani government allowed freercotton and rice export in a three-year new trade policy aimedat narrowing the country's yawning trade gap.    Commerce and Planning Minister Mahbubul Haq said in atelevised speech the government had also decided to allowduty-free import of cotton yarn to make the textile industrymore competitive, and to link bulk tea imports to the export ofPakistani products.       Cotton and rice are Pakistan's main exports, which havebeen handled exclusively by state corporations since early1970s.    But Haq said now the private sector would also exportcotton and rice along with the corporations, which meets along-standing demand of the local traders.    The duty-free import of cotton yarn has been allowed tobring down prices and help the local ancillary industriescompete effectively in the world market, he said.       Haq said the new policy, effective from the fiscal year1987/88 beginning on July 1, would be for three years butreviewed every year.    It was a departure from the previous practice of announcingtrade policies for a single fiscal year, and Haq said it wouldenable the businessmen to plan their market strategies over alonger period.    He said an export credit of 250 mln dlrs had been providedfor the export of engineering goods to selected third worldcountries on soft credit terms.       Pakistan's 1986/87 exports at 3.6 billion dlrs, 18.2 percent more than in the previous year, and imports at 5.23billion dlrs compared to 5.63 billion dlrs in 1985/86.    He said the government policy was to rationalise andstreamline import controls.    "It has been observed that due to restrictions on imports,specially on raw materials and intermediate goods, localindustry has been suffering for want of necessary inputs," hesaid. "Prices have been on the increase and quality of goodsproduced has been low. This restrictive policy also gave riseto smuggling and hampering of exports."       He said that to correct this situation, 136 items had freedfrom import restrictions.    Previously, Pakistan has met its trade gap largely fromremittances from its nationals working abroad, mainly in theGulf. However, the remittances have begun to fall after thedrop in oil prices in recent years leading to the spectre of abalance of payments crisis for Pakistan. Reuter&#3;