The dollar should worth more than 170 yenbased on purchasing power parity, the Ministry of InternationalTrade and Industry (MITI) said in its annual white paper oninternational trade.    Using 1973 as a base year, the ministry said inflationdifferentials pointed to a yen/dollar rate of 172 in fourthquarter 1986. The dollar opened here today at 144.90 yen.    MITI also said the so-called "J-curve" and the drop in oilprices together accounted for 33.2 billion dlrs of the 36.6billion dlr rise in Japan's trade surplus last year.    On a customs cleared basis, the Japanese trade surplus roseto a record 82.66 billion dlrs last year.    The ministry said the fall in oil prices accounted for 16.5billion dlrs and the "J-curve" 17.2 billion dlrs of the rise inthe 1986 surplus.    Analyzing the expansion in Japan's trade imbalance inrecent years, MITI calculated that 37 pct of it could beaccounted for by exchange rates, 24 pct by differences ineconomic growth rates between Japan and other countries, and 36pct by so-called price elasticities of imports and exports.    Analyzing the expansion in the U.S. Trade deficit from 1982to 1985, the ministry said 24 pct was accounted for by exchangerates, 34 pct by differences in the income elasticity ofimports and exports and 39 pct by differences in economicgrowth rates. The figures do not tally to 100 pct because otherminor factors have been left out.    "One index of trade structure, the income elasticity ofexports and imports, shows that the U.S. Is more likely toexperience increases in imports, while Japan is structurallypredisposed to growth in exports," MITI said.    Structural adjustment is already underway in Japan, underthe impact of the strong yen, MITI said. Japanese companies arestepping up their imports and expanding capacity overseas.    Japanese consumer attitudes are also changing. The ministrycited a survey showing that price was now the number one factorin the purchase of imports from the U.S. And Western Europe,replacing design and brand reputations.    "The smooth adjustment of the economic structure calls formeasures to address the needs of affected firms," it said. "Wholeindustries have felt the pinch and employment is expected tosuffer."    "Sustained economic growth, led by domestic demand, willalso be an essential condition," the ministry said.    It said four structural factors have contributed to thegrowth of the U.S. Trade deficit in recent years -- a declinein U.S. Industrial competitiveness, insufficient productivecapacity, an increase in foreign procurement by U.S. Companiesand short-sighted U.S. Management attitudes.    "While (U.S.) exports have picked up somewhat with thedollar's fall in value, no marked improvements have appeared inthe import picture," MITI said. REUTER&#3;