Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawsonsaid he was content with the current level of sterling andwelcomed today's announcement of a further half point cut inBritish bank base lending rates to 10 pct.    However, he said he wanted to see a gradual approach todeclines in domestic U.K. Interest rates, although optimism infinancial markets might push for big moves quickly.    He told a briefing of economic journalists that "I don'tthink we should rush anything." Lawson stressed the themes of"gradualism and steadiness" as economic policy.    Lawson acknowledged that today's fall in interest rateswere in response to his budget for fiscal 1987/88, unveiledyesterday to Parliament and which set a lower target for thekey Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR) of 1.0 pct ofGDP.    Lawson said the two recent cuts in base rates, both madethis month in the form of half percentage point declines, were"perfectly consistent" with monetary conditions now in Britain.    He supported that by saying the narrow M0 money supplyaggregate was "safely inside" its flucuation band of two to sixpct set for both 1986/87 and 1987/88. In his budget, Lawson setno explicit target range for the broader sterling M3.    Turning to the question of Britain eventually joining theexchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System (EMS),Lawson repeated that "it is most unlikely we will enter beforethe next election."    He said Britain was keeping the subject of full EMSmembership under constant review. But he would not indicatewhat the chief considerations for this were for the government.    Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher late last year said adecision on whether or not to join depended on the strength ofthe U.K. Economy. But she later said such a move depended onother EMS countries scrapping residual capital controls.    Although Lawson denounced what he said was "the current waveof election fever" in Britain, he added:  "It is more likely thatthere will be an election this year" than not.    He said he supported an early election only because itwould clear the air. "Ideally, we (the government) should have afull term," but events could force a premature poll, Lawsonsaid.    The government, which has been in power since 1979, mustcall an election by June 1988. Speculation is rising for eithera June or an early autumn election, political sources said.    The decision to cut basic tax by only two pence in 1987/88"was the right balance, economically and politically," he said.    Lawson's decision to restrict the fall in the standard rateof tax to two-pence surprised many analysts, who had predictedthat with Treasurys coffers full of tax revenue would haveallowed the government to reach its goal of 25 pct in one move.    But it was being praised today by political analysts as ashrewd move which, while advancing towards that aim, could notbe seized upon by opposition parties as overtly trying to bribethe electorate.    Lawson told journalists he had been surprised by how muchthe PSBR had undershot his original assumption of 7.1 billionstg for 1986/87 -- by some three billion stg.    Returning to changing levels of interest rates, Lawsonstressed that "they are not an objective (for the government) -they are an instrument of policy." Consequently the Treasury hadno precise target for domestic borrowing levels, he said.    But "there may be interest rate consequences" from changes inthe level of government borrowing, he added.    Lawson said he did not think that the U.K.'s relativelyhigh level of real interest rates had hurt investment inBritain.    He said conditions created by London's role as a leadingfinancial centre had caused sterling interest rates to behigher in real terms than in other countries.    Three factors had caused the higher level in relativeinterest rates in Britain, Lawson said.    First, control of credit in Britain rested on interestrates alone, due to the freedom of its financial markets.    He said the second reason was political uncertainty causedby proposed spending plans of the opposition Labour Party.     Thirdly, he said "we do not have as long a track record oflow inflation" as did the U.S., Japan and West Germany.    Lawson foresaw London becoming the world's pre-eminentfinancial centre, because it was more international incharacter and more favourably placed in time zones than NewYork or Tokyo. REUTER&#3;