Congressional budget leaders areasking President Reagan to join in a bipartisan effort - oreven a summit - to write a new budget, but White House chief ofstaff Howard Baker said no decision has been made yet, a Senatesource said.    The request for White House cooperation was made yesterdayby Senate Budget Committee chairman Lawton Chiles at a meetingwith Baker, the source said.    The appeal came as the Senate Budget Committee made plansto start drafting next Tuesday a fiscal 1988 budget plan thatDemocrats controlling Congress hope to get through bothchambers by April 15.    House Democrats have been meeting privately and willcontinue discussions on Tuesday to develop a plan for the fullcommittee which holds its first drafting meeting Thursday.    Reagan's own budget was submitted in January but Congressgenerally has rejected it as unrealistic, with theCongressional Budget Office saying the deficit is understatedand should be a more realistic 134 billion dlrs.       Among major controversial decisions that Congress has tomake are levels of deficit deductions to meet the Gramm-Rudmanbudget law target of cutting the estimated 171billion dlr deficit for 1988 to 108 billion dlrs.    A key decisions is the amount of new revenues - Reaganproposed some 22 billion dlrs in asset sales and excise taxes -as part of a deficit cutting plan.    Reagan, who opposes new taxes, refuses to say he isadvocating higher taxes through his revenue scheme.    The Gramm-Rudman law sets fixed deficit targets forCongress with the aim of wiping out huge deficits by 1991, butover the past two years deficits have exceeded the targets.    The Senate source said that Chiles asked for cooperation toavoid clashes when the Senate and House Budget committees startwriting separate budget plans for congressional approval,starting next week.    The source said Chiles told Baker "If you start workingsooner, rather than later you have a chance to do somethingbefore everyone gets locked in."    Baker has had conversations about the budget problem withSenator Pete Domenici of New Mexico, the senior Republican onthe Senate Budget Committee, and with House Speaker Jim Wright.    Baker reportedly said that he plans to have further talkswith other Republicans and House Budget Committee ChairmanWilliam Gray "before the the White House decides what it isgoing to do, if anything," the source said.    House sources said that Gray --who has been pushing theidea of a budget summit with Reagan--is anxious to work withthe White House to get a compromise budget plan.    Besides reaching decisions on actual spending and revenuelevels in a new budget, congressmen are considering adjustingor redefining the targets of the Gramm-Rudman law to make themmore realistic.    Reagan presented about 36 billion dlrs in spending delays,cuts and revenues he said will reach 108 billion dlrs.    Gray has said that if Congress approves 36 billion dlrs inreductions, the deficit would be 134 billion dlrs realisticallybecause of what he says are more accurate economic assumptions. Reuter&#3;