The U.S. is sticking for the momentto its policy that Brazil, which two weeks ago suspended debtpayments to private banks, should deal with its creditors andnot with governments, U.S. officials said.    "I don't see any desire here to scurry around and helpBrazil until we get a better sense of what they are trying todo," a senior administration official stated.    "Brazil has to do business through the banks at this point,"said another official following an assessment of that country'slatest debt crisis.    The official, who asked that his name not be used, said theNational Security Council, the Treasury and State departmentsand other agencies held a meeting yesterday to discuss thesituation.    In a related development, small regional banks that havemade loans to Brazil and other heavily-indebted Latin Americancountries, will meet with Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volckerhere tomorrow.    Brazil, with about 108 billion dlrs in debt, shocked bankslate last month when it stopped interest payments on 68 billiondlrs owed to them until it can work out its problems.    Brazil's trade surplus, its main source of foreign exchangehas dwindled in recent months, making it difficult to serviceits debt.    The official said the interagency meeting was called todiscuss "the general debt situation and compare notes on(Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson) Funaro."    Funaro, who told reporters here that he wanted a politicaldiscussion with industrialized nations on Brazil's debtproblems in an effort to obtain more and faster lending fromofficial sources, held discussions here on Friday with Volcker,Treasury Secretary James Baker and other officials.    Another senior administration official said he wasperplexed by Funaro's decision to discuss the latest crisiswith governments and not with creditor banks, at a time whenBrazil is in danger of losing short-term credit lines.    "We are not clear at all on his tactics. To me it seemsbizarre, just bizarre," the official said.    One official today described Funaro's argument as "nonsense,"and said there had been a considerable flow of funds to Brazil,for which that country was in arrears.    Funaro has said Brazil acted to protect its reserves butwanted to avoid a confrontation.    The consensus among administration officials seems to bethat Brazil's latest debt crisis is the result of the domesticeconomic problems.    "Brazil is a special case, but there's no doubt they wouldnot be in the mess they're in if they had not screwed-up theireconomic policy," a senior official added.    Several of the regional banks that will meet with Volckertomorrow declined to comment because the talks will be held atthe Fed's suggestion.    "Since they are the hosts, we feel it's up to them if theywant to say something," one regional bank official said.    But other banking sources said that regional banks, many ofwhich are refusing to continue lending to Latin America, aredissatisfied with decisions of major banks such as Citibank, inthe refinancing of foreign debts.    The sources added that Volcker, for his part, isdissatisfied with some major banks' refusal to make interestrate concessions to Brazil and other Latin American debtors,and would like to see smaller creditor banks take a more actverole in the rescheduling process.    Reuter&#3;