Bonn is expected to rush throughlegislation this month creating special credits to protect WestGerman farmers from a proposed European Community, EC, paymentsfreeze, government sources said.    The new measures are apparently designed to shield WestGerman farmers from the consequences of the looming EC budgetcrisis and give Bonn scope to keep up its opposition to the ECexecutive commission's farm policy reform plans, politicalsources said.    EC finance and farm minsters held an unprecedented jointsession in Luxembourg today to try to solve the stalemate overfuture farm financing.    West Germany has proved the main obstacle to Commissionattempts to raise fresh funds for farm financing by taxingimports of vegetable oil and fats, for fear of U.S.retaliation.    Bonn has also opposed the abolition of an agri-monetarymechanism that acts as a subsidy for West German farm exports.    The draft legislation, which the ruling centre-rightcoalition will present to parliament tomorrow, would providetemporary credits for farm subsidies usually paid by Brussels.    The Commission, facing a five billion European CurrencyUnits (5.73 billion dlrs) budget deficit by the end of theyear, has threatened to start phasing out payment of somesubsidies and premiums from August, unless EC member statestake urgent measures to provide fresh funds.    West German Agriculture Minister Ignaz Kiechle gave the newlegislation top priority after last month's failure to agree toa farm price package for 1986/87.    Political sources in Bonn said Kiechle decided to take thesting out of proposed Commission measures to cut back subsidiesby creating a buffer for West German farmers.    The opposition SPD has agreed to back the Kiechle bill andallow its hasty passage through parliament by July 1, ahead ofthe summer recess, SPD sources said.    SPD farm policy spokesman Jan Oostergetelo said his partywould support the bill, even though it would further swellmassive government spending on agriculture. He said the billwas an admission that the government believes the farm pricetalks will fail and the EC faces bankruptcy.    According to a copy of the draft bill obtained by Reuters,government authorities will have over two billion marks (1.1billion dlrs) available to pay farmers advance subsidies andpremiums for grains and other crops harvested this summer.    The Commission has agreed to pay the subsidies eventually.But paying farmers on time will cost Bonn about 100 mln marks(55 mln dlrs) in interest payments, farm policy sources said.    Chancellor Helmut Kohl's cabinet is expected to support thebill when it meets tomorrow. Reuter&#3;