Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funarolast night concluded this week's tour of European capitalshaving gleaned little in the way of concrete support fromgovernments for his country's attempts to find a radicalsolution to its debt payments crisis.    However, banking sources noted the existence ofconsiderable sympathy for Brazil's position among most of itscommercial bank creditors, manifested in the widespread beliefthat adopting a hard line could only exacerbate the problemswhile patience might pave the way for an eventualreconciliation.    Brazil on February 20 unilaterally suspended interestpayments on its 68 billion dlr debt to commercial banks,followed by moves related to around 15 billion dlrs of bank andtrade credit lines deposited by foreign banks and institutions.    The action had been preceded by a significant deteriorationin Brazil's balance of payments situation in the final quarterof 1986, along with a marked acceleration in inflation.Reserves had dipped to below four billion dlrs.    Funaro and central bank president Francisco Gros last weekvisited Washington to explain Brazil's move to governmentofficials and agencies.    This week they have sought official support in the U.K.,France, Germany, Switzerland and Italy.    They have now decided to extend their tour, flying onSunday to Tokyo to talk to government officials, with apossible visit to Canada before they return home.    Funaro and Gros have so far confined their consultations togovernment representatives, believing that problems withBrazil's 109 billion dlr debt call for a political solution.    However, banking sources noted that their attempts toenlist the support of European and U.S. Governments had beenmet almost unanimously with advice to talk first to banks.    This counsel has been coupled with emphasis on the need forBrazil to present to creditors a convincing economic programme,with U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson alsorecommending an accord with the International Monetary Fund(IMF), advice which Funaro subsequently rejected flatly. Reuter&#3;