Top Saudi businessmendiscussing ways to bolster the kingdom's private sector at aChamber of Commerce conference here today called for finance tobe made available more easily for industrial projects.    Saleh Kamel, a leading businessman and head of theJeddah-based Dallah group, said business needed more fundingand welcomed recent measures to encourage banks to step uplending.    But yesterday conference participants were publiclyreprimanded for not investing enough in the kingdom.    Prince Khaled al-Faisal, governor of the Asir regionhosting the four-day conference, accused businessmen of showingingratitude at a time when the government had been prepared todraw heavily on reserves to maintain spending and stimulate theeconomy.    Businessmen, for their part, argued today that thekingdom's commercial banks were unwilling to take risks andhelp finance industrial projects.    Saleh Kamel, one of Saudi Arabia's leading businessmen andhead of the Jeddah-based Dallah group, told Reuters the generaleconomic outlook for trade and industry had improved.    "We can be optimistic, the economy is looking brighter," hesaid. But he also said businessmen needed more finance andwelcomed measures being taken to encourage banks to step uplending.    A committee at the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency, thekingdom's central bank, is now examining the problem.    Commercial banks are in fact extremely liquid but havebecome highly selective in extending new credit after manycompanies ran into trouble repaying debt during the last threeyears.    Between 1982 and 1985 banks had to make risk provisionstotalling 4.3 billion riyals and results now coming in for 1986show another year when heavy reserves had to be made againstbad and doubtful loans.    The effects of the Middle East economic downturn hit theconstruction sector in Saudi Arabia very hard and there hasbeen a sharp fall in development lending for new industrialprojects.    The Saudi Industrial Development Fund, a major source forprivate sector finance, made loan commitments totalling 752 mlnriyals in the financial year to September 4, 1986, a decline ofnearly 20 pct on the previous year.    The government credit agency specialises in low cost loansfor development, funding 50 pct of a project's total value.    The pattern of the agency's lending has also shown adistinct shift away from infrastructre-related industry - suchas cement plants - to capital-intensive projects.    Businessmen said opportunities are now available in serviceindustries and tourism which is slowly developing in the Gulfregion. But new investment in manufacturing industry showsfewer signs of taking hold. REUTER&#3;