The United States this week signaledit is pressing commercial banks, increasingly disenchanted withproviding large cash loans to debtor nations, to develop newways of financing that will prove more acceptable to bothsides.    Heading off challenges to its Third World debt strategy,U.S. officials also say they think concessions should be madeto debtors that enact reforms speeding inflation-free growth.    In particular, they stress new techniques that shift theemphasis from debt to equity and shave interest rates.    "The strategy is sufficiently broad as an initiative orconcept that there can be additional emphasis such as indebt-equity swaps and that sort of thing," a Reaganadministration official said of the slow pace of commercialbank lending to the Third World.    "The debtors have been performing well...some people arguethat taking 1-1/8 pct down to 13/16 pct is debt forgiveness.Well if that's what it is, fine. What it really is a narrowingof the spread that could be charged on new money," the officialsaid.    This week, therefore, U.S. officials signaled their backingfor a novel proposal by the Philippines that called for partialpayment of interest in tradeable investment notes.    On Tuesday, officials said Treasury Secretary James Bakertold Secretary of State George Shultz the idea was a creativeone and signaled his approval to Philippine Finance MinisterJamie Ongpin later that day. An administration official toldReuters this week the Philippines' proposal to partially payinterest with investment notes instead of cash should beconsidered seriously by the banks. An agreement with the banks,officials now say, is expected soon.    "New bank lending has been slow in materializing but thefact of the matter is there have been 70 billion dlrs in bankloans restructured, which is a form of extension of credit. Asyou know, there's been 8.5 billion dlrs in new money," said theofficial, who plays a key role in keeping the plan afloat.    The plan was launched in October 1985 by Secretary Bakerand called on commercial and multilateral banks to lend 29billion dlrs in the subsequent three years to major debtorsundertaking reforms that promoting economic growth.    But it has taken almost six months to complete thesyndication of a 7.5 billion dlrs loan to Mexico, which hascreated deep misgivings here about the liklihood of such largestraight cash loans being assembled ever again.    U.S. officials want the banks not only to consider swappingtheir debts for equity in local corporations -- a developmentthat has already met with success in Chile and Mexico -- but topin loans on specific projects, finance trade and investdirectly in debtor country private sectors.    These forms of lending, they say, give the banks a greaterstake and more economically secure return on investment.    In a major challenge to the U.S. plan, Brazil last monthdeclared a moratorium on interest payments and followed it upwith a world tour by officials seeking a political way out ofits 109 billion dlr debt burden.    The country is beset by a falling trade surplus anddwindling reserves endangering its ability to service itsforeeign debt, at 109 billion dlrs the Third World's largest.    One official attending the Washington talks with BrazilianFinance Minister Dilson Funaro said "they've come in here nowand said "Look, we're out of money, help us," but they haven'tcome in with a plan. And they've gone all over the world, andat every stop they've been told the same thing."    The official said Brazil would have to enact a credibleeconomic program, either in consultation with the World Bank orthe International Monetary Fund, to cool its overheated economybefore commercial banks would begin negotiations.    As a result of the Brazilian action, private banks andmajor debtor nations redoubled their efforts to reachagreements stretching out debt repayments.    For its part, the administration has signaled its strongsupport for new techniques that in some cases effectivelyamount to interest rate concessions for major debtor nations.    It pressed the banks to allow Chile to make annual insteadof bi-annual interest payments, speeding an accord.    Administration officials, who asked not to be named, havealso debated whether to allow banks greater flexibility inbuilding up loan loss reserves against Third World loans.    The debate centers on a rule, known as FASB-15, under whichbanks experiencing delayed interest payments on real estateloans need not set aside reserves against debt principal if itis believed payments will resume.    More recently, the rule was extended to cover farm andenergy loans and Senator Bill Bradley, a New Jersey Democrat,has suggested it should be extended to Third World loans.    Bradley is prominent among Congressmen urging thatprovisions for debt relief be attached to tough new tradelegislation now being considered on Capitol Hill.    But the officials said the debate has been inconclusive. Reuter&#3;