A U.S. attack on an Iranian oil platformin the Gulf on Monday appeared to be a tit-for-tat raidcarefully orchestrated not to be too provocative or upset Araballies, Western diplomats in the region said.    U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger said Monday thatU.S. Warships destroyed the oil platform in the southern Gulfin response to a missile strike on the American-registeredKuwaiti tanker Sea Isle City in Kuwaiti waters on Friday.    "We consider the matter closed," he said, a signal the U.S.administration did not want the Gulf crisis to escalate.    Iran had warned the United States earlier in the dayagainst exacerbating the Gulf crisis, saying military actionwould endanger American interests.    Following the raid, a okesman for Tehran's WarInformation Headquarters vowed to avenge the attack with a"crushing blow."    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can inno way get out safely," Tehran Radio quoted him as saying.    Diplomats noted, however, Iran was also seeking to avoidostracism by Arab states due to meet at a summit in Amman onNovember 8 and discuss the Iran-Iraq war.    Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi is currently inDamascus, and diplomats said he would seek Syrian help inpreventing a total Arab breach with Tehran.    Further escalation of the war threatening the Gulf Arabstates could work against Tehran at the Amman gathering, theysaid.    "The ball is in Iran's court now. It's up to Tehran torespond one way or the other," a diplomat said.    President Ronald Reagan warned Iran of stronger Americancountermeasures if the military escalation continued.    Western diplomats and military sources in the area saidshelling the platform appeared to be the least provocative actthe United States could have taken once it had decided toretaliate for the tanker attack, blamed by both the Americansand Kuwaitis on Iran.    "It's interesting that they chose something in internationalwaters because it doesn't implicate any other nation," onediplomat said. "This was better for U.S. Relations with the GulfArab states, particularly Kuwait."    Commented another diplomat: "Kuwait must be happy that theU.S. Has done something, but relieved that Faw was not attackedon its doorstep."    One source said of the attack on the oil platform: "Theymanaged to warn off the crew and hit something that was theleast nuisance to everybody."    A diplomat commented: "They were very clever in the placethey chose. It gets attention, but it hasn't devastatedanything because it wasn't working in the first place."    A senior Arab banker in the area said after the news broke:"This was a good, measured response without risking a flare-up... It is a face-saving response (for the Americans)." Reuter&#3;