South Africa will repay 13 pct of itsfrozen 13 billion dollar debt to foreign creditors over thenext three years under an agreement reached today in London,Finance Minister Barend du Plessis said.    He said South Africa already had repaid five pct of thedebt under the standstill agreement expiring on June 30, 1987.   "These arrangements confirm South Africa's continuedwillingness to maintain good relations with its foreigncreditors and to meet its foreign commitments in a orderly way,"du Plessis told a news conference.    Du Plessis said the new interim debt agreement was"substantially a continuation" of the arrangement ending in Juneand calls for South Africa to continue paying all interest onits total foreign debt of 23 billion dlrs.    The new debt standstill will extend from July 1, 1987, toJune 30, 1990, with a three pct down payment permitted on July15, 1987, "provided such debt has already reached maturity," duPlessis said.    Finance Minister Barend du Plessis told a new conferencethat 34 banks holding more than 70 pct of the frozen debtagreed to the new arrangement worked out with South Africannegotiators in London. About 300 other creditor banks also areexpected to approve the agreement, he said.    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said the agreementwas a "good deal" both for South Africa and the banks and addedthat the three-year length of the agreement was of "enormoussignificance" to South Africa.    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said the agreementwas a "good deal" both for South Africa and the banks.    Besides the 13-billion-dlr frozen debt, South Africa alsoowes ten billion dlrs of debt that includes a significantamount of medium -term liabilities that will continue to berepaid on normal maturity dates.    The 13 pct to be repaid under the standstill amounts to1.42 billion dollars.    A total of five pct or 508 mln dlrs will be repaid in thesecond half of 1987, with 3.5 pct or 400 mln dlrs in calendar1988, three pct or 346 mln dlrs in calendar 1989 and 1.5 pct or166 mln dlrs in the first half of 1990.    Du Plessis said 34 banks holding more than 70 pct of thefrozen debt agreed to the new arrangement worked out with SouthAfrican negotiators in London.    About 300 other creditor banks also are expected to approvethe agreement, he said.    De Kock, speaking at the same news conference, said thethree-year length of the agreement was of "enormous significance"to South Africa.    De Kock said South Africa had negotiated from a "position ofbasic economic financial strength."    "We were never overborrowed to begin with and we are nowunderborrowed by all international criteria that I've everheard of," he said.    Du Plessis said available foreign reserves of the ReserveBank, which increased by about 800 mln dlrs in the past twomonths, and a continued current account surplus "will besufficient" to meet terms of the new interim debt agreement.    Du Plessis said the banks were showing much more confidencein the South African economy and country as a whole.    He attributed this to "restoration of law and order whichhas greatly reduced not only the extent of unrest but also theintensity of unrest."    South Africa has been under a state of emergency since June1986 because of black political violence that has claimed over2,400 lives in the past three years.    Du Plessis said no political demands were made by the banksand South Africa was now rapidly returning to very goodrelations with its foreign creditors.    He said there were encouraging signs that some foreigninvestors were again "taking a more realistic view" of SouthAfrica.    Recent examples were the rise in the financial rand and thesharp increase in foreign exchange reserves.    Of the 13 billion dlr frozen debt, 3.5 billion dlrs wasowed by the public sector and 9.5 billion dlrs by privateindustry, du Plessis said.    The remaining 10 billion dlrs consisted of seven billiondlrs owed by government agencies and three billion dlrs by theprivate sector. Reuter&#3;