The Treasury proposed allowing temporary imports of South African uranium ore and uraniumoxide until July 1 under certain conditions pendingclarification of anti-apartheid laws passed by Congress lastfall.    The proposal to be published in the Federal Register nextweek requests written congressional and public comment within60 days and deals with uranium ore and oxide that is importedfor U.S. processing and exporting to third countries.    The Treasury said it proposed allowing the temporaryimports because it felt Congress had not intended when itpassed the comprehensive South African sanctions bill last fall-- overriding President Reagan's veto -- to hurt U.S. industry.    "The domestic uranium conversion industry and the federalgovernment's enrichment industry could be seriously injured ina manner not intended by Congress if the . . . import ban onuranium ore and oxide were implemented to bar imports forprocessing and export through a mistaken interpretation of theact," the Treasury brief said.    The Treasury said an outright U.S. ban of uranium ore andoxide might cause foreign electric utilities to divert theirSouth African origin ore and oxide to other countries includingthe Soviet Union for processing.    Treasury said it would allow imports of the South Africanore and oxide until July 1 for processing and re-export"provided that the imported ore or oxide is accompanies by alicense for importation issued by the Nuclear RegulatoryCommission."    The Treasury brief also proposed allowing U.S.-origin goodsto be imported temporarily from South African state-controlledorganizations for repair or servicing in the United States.    "The U.S. Customs will allow such importation to be madeunder bond," the brief said.    The South African sanctions law, enacted by the UnitedStates to protest the apartheid laws of racial segregationpracticed by South Africa's white minority government,prohibited imports of uranium ore and oxide, iron and steel,coal and textiles at the end of 1986. Reuter&#3;