The Securities and Exchange Commissionsaid it charged a managing director of&lt;Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Ltd> in London withmasterminding "a massive insider trading scheme."    Nahum Vaskevitch, the managing director of the Mergers andAquisitions Department of the broker's London office, wascharged in a civil complaint by the SEC filed in ManhattanFederal Court. The complaint said Vaskevitch leaked informationabout 12 companies that were involved in a merger or aquisitionwhich resulted in more than four mln dlrs in profit for himselfand others involved in the scheme.    Besides Vaskevitch, who is a British and Israeli citizenwho lives in London, others named as defendants in the suitwere David Sofer, an Israeli citizen living in Jerusalem, andtwo corporations, &lt;Plenmeer Ltd>, a British company, and &lt;MedaEstablishment>, a Lichtenstein corporation.    The scheme, which covered a two year period, allegedlyinvolved Vaskevitch leaking information to Sofar about loomingtakeovers and mergers, some of which he worked on, according tothe complaint. The SEC secured a temporary restraining orderfreezing all the assets of the defendants in the United States.A hearing is set for March 20.    Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith is a subsidiary ofMerrill Lynch and Co Inc &lt;MER>.    According to the court documents, Sofer is a principal inboth Plenmeer and Meda Establishment and Vaskevitch has aninterest in Plenmeer.    The suit was filed in New York because trading allegedlytook place here.     One of the deals in which an insider profit was alleged wasthe 1984 merger of K-Mart Corp &lt;KM> with &lt;Pay Less DrugStores>.    Another deal was the sale by W.R. Grace and Co &lt;GRA> of itsholdings in &lt;Hermann's Sporting Goods Co>.    An SEC official in Washington said the Vaskevitch case isunrelated to the agency's widening investigation into WallStreet's insider trading scandal involving Ivan Boesky andDennis Levine.    Neither Vaskevitch nor Sofar are currently living in theUnited States and cannot be extradited on the basis of theSEC's civil charges filed against them, the official said.    Vaskevitch is living in England and Sofar's whereabouts areunknown, he said.    "We can't force them to come back," the official said.    The agency is moving to seize all U.S. assets of both men,which they could forfeit if they do not contest the case, theSEC official said.    Although the SEC recently signed an accord with Britainaimed at improving cooperation between the two countries ininvestigating securities law violations, the SEC official saidit did not need to rely on U.K. authorities in this case.    "We were able to make our case against them here," he said. Reuter&#3;