Wall Street's biggest one-day drop since1914 has revived a bitter debate about whether moderninvestment techniques turn shifts in investor psychology intocolossal moves in share prices.    "The market has gotten away from the players," said DudleyEppel, vice president-equity trading at Donaldson Lufkin andJenrette Securities Corp. He says stock index futures andoptions have distorted the investment process.    But Wall Street professionals who work with index futuresand options insist the blame is misplaced.    Fischer Black, head of the trading and arbitrage divisionat Goldman, Sachs and Co, says so-called program tradingstrategies involving opposite positions in futures on stockindices and the underlying stocks deserve almost no blame fortoday's decline. "People have changed their minds about thefuture of the economy," he said. Another strategy, known asportfolio insurance, may have exagerated the decline to a smalldegree, said Black.    Eli Wachtel of Bear, Stearns and Co was emphatic. "I do notbelieve the drop was precipitated by portfolio insurance orexpanded by program trading."    "The only thing that will stop it in the end is the valueinvestor who comes in and says 'IBM still sells computers', andbuys for traditional reasons" said Jeffrey Miller of MillerTabak Hirsch and Co.    IBM &lt;IBM> fell 31 to 104 as the Dow Jones IndustrialAverage dropped more than 500 points.    Several years ago Miller's firm was one of the first topursue program trading strategies, seeking to lock in anautomatic profit by taking advantage of discrepancies in theprices of the futures and the underlying stocks. But he saidhis firm has not been involved in that since late last year.    Miller said some investors who were burned in the recentmarket declines may have miscalculated the effects of portfolioinsurance. He estimated 70 to 80 billion dlrs in invested fundsprior to the decline were hedged with futures.    The way portfolio insurance is used, Miller said, investorsat the time they protect their portfolios commit themselves toa future course of action such as buying a put option. Whilenegative news such as trade deficits and budget deficits buildfor months, the put options tend to be crowded into a narrowspan of time, because they are executed as the market starts tofall.    Miller said at present people can only guess how muchportfolio insurance is in use. He suggested some system ofdisclosure could put other investors on guard that the seedswere being planted that might add to a future decline.    But in any case Miller argued that index futures andoptions do not initiate market trends.    People like Eppel of Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette weresteadfast in their criticism. "If I had my way there wouldn'tbe any index futures," he said. "They propelled the market upwhen nothing was going on and now we're paying the price."    Another irate trader, referring to IBM's 31 point drop,complained "what announcement did IBM make over the weekendthat made its stock drop 31 points?" IBM was as high as 175-7/8earlier this year.    Some economists agreed that the stock market could besending signals about the economy.  Allen Sinai, chiefeconomist for Shearson Lehman Brothers, told Reuters the 508point decline represented "a crisis of confidence.    "This is a a bona-fide financial crisis. The market isshowing panic. I suspect there is a wholesale deserting of ourmarkets by a lot of foreign investors."    Sinai said the crisis was caused by continuing U.S. budgetand trade deficits and by rising interest rates. "This is not asignal of the start of a recession, but a strong indicator thatone is coming if nothing is done in Washington to deal with thebudget and trade deficits," Sinai said.    Some market participants said redemptions by investors whoown mutual funds fueled the decline. But Steve Norwitz, aspokesman for T. Rowe Price Associates, a Baltimore-basedinvestment management firm, said redemptions and switches intomoney market funds by Price's one mln accounts amounted to lessthan two pct of assets. "It's not a rout by any means."       Norwitz said the company normally receives about 3,500telephone inquiries from its customers each day. On Friday, hesaid, when the Dow index fell 108 points the volme of callsrose to around 7,000 and today it exceeded that although he didnot have a precise number.    Ike Kerridge, an economist with the oilfield service firmBaker Hughes Inc., was one of several analysts who said theevaporation of billions of dollars of paper profits could alterconsumer behavior.    "This could be the trigger for a national recession whichwould be very unusual in an election year," Kerridge said. Reuter&#3;