Private Export Funding Corp, PEFCO, isoffering 150 mln dlrs of secured notes due 1994 with an 8.60pct coupon and par pricing, said J.P. Morgan Securities Inc,acting as lead manager of its first corporate debt deal.    "To our knowledge, this is the first time that an affiliateof a bank holding company has been a manager of a corporatebond offering in the U.S.," a spokesman for J.P. Morgan and CoInc said.    J.P. Morgan Securities is an affiliate of J.P. Morgan andCo, the fifth largest bank in the U.S.    The J.P. Morgan spokesman explained that because the PEFCOnotes are guaranteed by the U.S. government, the securitiesaffiliate was not prohibited by the Glass-Steagall Act fromunderwriting the issue.    Indeed, Bankers Trust Co and Citicorp Investment Bank,which are affiliates of Bankers Trust New York Corp andCiticorp respectively, were co-managers of the PEFCO offering.    Passed by Congress in 1933, Glass-Steagall bars commercialbanks from owning brokerage firms and engaging in suchinvestment banking activities as underwriting corporatesecurities or municipal revenue bonds.    Last year, several major U.S. banks formed investmentbanking affiliates and applied to the Federal Reserve Board forauthorization to offer commercial paper and underwrite andtrade municipal revenue bonds and some forms of mortgage-backedsecurities.    J.P. Morgan Securities received permission from the Fedseveral weeks ago for these activities, the spokesman said.    But the Securities Industry Association, a trade group ofinvestment banking firms, appealed the decision. J.P. Morganalso appealed because it believed the Fed placed too manyrestrictions on the bank's affiliate, the spokesman said.    "The Securities and Exchange Commission got a stay, so weare not engaging in those activities," the J.P. Morganspokesman said.    "We are perfectly eligable to underwrite this offering. Weare endeavoring to prove that there is nothing mysterious aboutthis business," the spokesman said.    He added, "Ruling off certain markets does not serve thepublic policy.    J.P. Morgan Securities was formed in April 1986 withcapitalization of 250 mln dlrs, the spokesman said. At year-end1986, the firm had 261.5 mln dlrs of capital.    Dillon, Read and Co Inc, Merrill Lynch Capital Markets andSalomon Brothers Inc also served as co-managers of the PEFCOdeal.    The issue's yield was 50 basis points over comparableTreasury securities. The notes are non-callable for life. Atop-flight AAA rating by Moody's and Standard and Poor's isanticipated.    The gross spread is 5.75 dlrs, the selling concession is3.50 dlrs and the reallowance is two dlrs.    The spokesman said J.P. Morgan Securities was a member ofan underwriting syndicate for a Sallie Mae issue last year. Reuter&#3;