The Securities and ExchangeCommission (SEC) staff is seeking authority to take enforcementaction against Allegheny International Inc, thePittsburgh-based industrial and consumer products firm said.    Allegheny made the disclosure in documents filed with theSEC in connection with its recent agreement to be taken privatethrough a leveraged buyout led by First Boston Inc.    "Following announcement of the merger agreement, the companywas informed by the Enforcement Division of the (SEC) that itintends to seek authority from the commission to institute aproceeding against the company," Allegheny said.    "The company is cooperating in the commission'sinvestigation which is continuing and now includes the takingof testimony of employes and others," Allegheny said.    In the ongoing probe, Allegheny said, the staff has askedfor information about company executive compensation andbenefit plans, certain company-owned real estate, travel andentertainment spending and the use of corporate aircraft.    It also has asked for information on acquisitions anddivestitures, the company's accounting system "and otherinternal controls," Allegheny said.   The probe began in February 1986, Allegheny said.    The SEC, as a matter of policy, routinely declines commenton its enforcement actions.    The SEC investigation began just months before Alleghenybecame the target of a series of shareholder lawsuits claimingthat the company had violated the federal securities laws byfailing to disclose material matters in recent annual proxystatements.    The suits, later consolidated into a single class-actioncomplaint before a Pennsylvania federal court, allegesecurities law violations involving numerous current and formerAllegheny officers and directors.    Earlier this month, lawyers for the shareholders asked thecourt to expand the charges to include an allegation that, inthe buyout, Allegheny had attempted to illegally freeze out itspublic shareholders at an unfair price.    Allegheny said it intends to vigorously defend itselfagainst all charges.    The charges made in the shareholder suits are widelybelieved to have led to last summer's resignation of Chairmanand Chief Executive Officer Robert Buckley.    In the buyout, a group led by First Boston tendered March13 for all outstanding Allegheny shares at 24.60 dlrs a share. Reuter&#3;