Some major Japanese institutionalinvestors are gradually returning to investing in U.S.Treasuries, although fear that the dollar has not yet bottomedout has kept others cautiously waiting on the sidelines.    Trust banks and some investment trusts are starting to lookat buying treasuries for short-term gains, while otherinvestment trusts and most life insurers are still wary,according to fund managers polled by Reuters.    The five percentage point gap between U.S. And Japaneselong-term bonds is the major attraction of T-bonds.    Most institutions remain sensitive to the prospects ofdollar declines, after making huge foreign exchange losses ontheir foreign bond holdings last fiscal year ended March.    The seven leading local life insurers alone saw losses ontheir foreign bond holdings of over 1,700 billion yen, or some11.5 billion dlrs, in 1986/87, industry sources said.    However, most institutional investors want to buy U.S.T-bonds due to the absence of profitable domestic instruments.    "Despite all the negative factors, we have definite demandfor U.S. Securities," said Osamu Fukushima, deputy manager ofMitsui Trust and Banking Co Ltd's securities department.    Another trust bank fund manager said, "What matters the mostare the fundamentals of the U.S. Economy and thecompetitiveness of U.S. Industry. We are closely watching thegrowth of U.S. Exports, which is an important measure of thefundamental strength of the dollar." The U.S. Trade deficit'sdecline in April was due to a 1.2 billion dlr decline inimports, while exports did not show a recovery, he said.    One life insurance company fund manager said, "We doubt theU.S. Government will fight the trade and fiscal deficits,especially after the announcement of Federal Reserve Boardchairman Paul Volcker's resignation."    "The receptive stance of the U.S. Congress on the call forfurther dollar falls to cut the country's trade deficit alsomakes us wary about U.S. Bonds purchases," the life insurancecompany fund manager said.    Yuji Miyaji, deputy manager of the Sumitomo Trust andBanking Co Ltd's securities investment department, said, "We areslowly starting to buy U.S. Bonds because the gap of over 500basis points between the U.S. And Japan is very attractiveHowever, we are pessimistic on the dollar's further recovery.We find that U.S. Economic fundamentals have not changed sofar."    Keijirou Fukushima, manager at Yamaichi Investment TrustManagement Co Ltd's bond portfolio management department, said,"We would like to invest in U.S. Bonds gradually, given animproved inflation outlook and the limited chances of a furthersteep fall in the dollar from now."    "We have already reduced forward dollar selling volume to 40pct of our total foreign assets from 60 pct," he said.    Another life insurance company fund manager said, "We havestarted investing in U.S. Treasury securities, but only on atrading basis." REUTER&#3;