Global trading of yen bond futures isjust around the corner and they are expected to be listed soonon the London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE)and the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), bond managers said.    "Internationalisation of the yen through expansion ofoverseas portfolios in yen assets is the key to the success ofglobal trading of yen bond futures," said Katsuyuki Okayasu,general manager of Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's bond division.    "But Tokyo-based orders are necessary for a primary stimulusfor the LIFFE yen bond futures market," said Tetsuya Dezuka,deputy general manager of the money market section of New JapanSecurities Co Ltd, one of the most active yen bond brokers inLondon.    Healthy growth of yen bond futures markets dependsbasically on substantial liquidity in cash yen bond marketsoverseas and on the yen becoming attractive to traders there,dealers said.    Outstanding yen cash bonds worldwide stand at around140,000 billion yen, with most held in Japan, they said.    An agreement between CBOT and LIFFE in early February onmutual settlements is expected to link U.S. Treasury bondfutures trading in London and Chicago, enabling a continuous12-hour session, bond managers here said, adding the move wasmade with yen bond futures trading in mind.    LIFFE is preparing for an early listing of yen bond futuresafter receiving approval from Japan's Finance Ministry lastDecember.    But futures markets will never take root unless they arebacked by substantial liquidity in cash bond markets, dealerssaid.    Daily transactions in the London yen cash bond market nowstand at 200 to 300 billion yen, but the extent of investor-linked transactions is unknown, securities bond managers said.    "Japanese corporations have been actively setting up theirfinancing companies in London, suggesting they increasingly areengaging in, not only fund raising, but management there,"Dezuka said.    The steep increase in the number of branches of Japanesesecurities houses in London and the growing numbers of U.S. AndU.K. Brokers coming to Tokyo has helped the London market'sgrowth, dealers said.    Internationalisation of the yen is also likely to bepromoted by yen bond trading in Chicago and New York later thisyear, securities managers said.    The recent removal of a key regulatory obstacle by the U.S.Securities and Exchange Commission will allow the CBOT to applyto the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a yen bondfutures contract, they said.    The ruling removed a regulation which prohibited tradingfutures of designated foreign government debt securities notlocated in the issuing country.    Fundamental Brokers Inc, a major U.S. Brokers' broker, hasdecided to launch yen bond broking on its display system in NewYork as early as April.    CBOT's start of an evening session, planned for the end ofApril, will also multiply yen bond futures trading, a NomuraSecurities Co Ltd bond manager said. But there are stillobstacles to trading on the London market.    "Problems concerning cash bond delivery and clearing aremajor obstacles for an early launching at LIFFE," said KokiChiyojima, deputy general manager of Nikko Securities Co Ltd'sbond administration division.    Nikko Securities Co Ltd, one of the big four Japanesesecurities houses, is responsible for corresponding with LIFFEon these matters.    Japan's Finance Ministry will start issuing bonds withcoupon payment of either March and September, or June andDecember from April 1, matching futures delivery months.    The ministry now pays coupons in January, June, July andDecember. When delivery months and coupon payments do notmatch, a 20 pct withholding tax is imposed on interest earnedby non-resident bond holders, a deterrent to LIFFE, securitiesmanagers said.    LIFFE is likely to wait until the outstanding amount ofbonds with matching months increases to over several billionyen, bond managers said.    These bonds will be used for deliveries, as they areexpected to be the cheapest deliverable issues due to lowinterest rates, they said.    Market participants here expect a clearing organisation tobe set up by the time they have substantial deliverable cashissues, making overseas listings probable in the latter half of1987. REUTER&#3;