Hughes Tool Co Chairman W.A. Kistlersaid its counter proposal to merge with Baker InternationalCorp was still under consideration and that a merger was in thebest interests of both companies.    "Our hope is that we can come to a mutual agreement that isgood for both companies," Kistler said of the proposed mergerthat would result in a 1.2 billion dlr oil field servicecompany. "We're working very hard on this merger."    Hughes' board today again adjourned a shareholders meetingto vote on the proposed merger and rescheduled it for March 11to give Baker more time to consider the counter proposal.    The Hughes board, which had previously expressed concernabout a U.S. Department of Justice consent decree that wouldrequire Baker to sell its drilling bit operations andsubmersible pump business, met yesterday and threatened toterminate the proposed merger.    The Hughes board made a counter proposal that the twocompanies first find acceptable buyers for the businessesbefore signing the decree.    The directors of Baker immediately after receiving thecounter proposal filed a law suit in Texas in a Texas statecourt to force to Hughes to complete the merger.    "The uncertainty as to the price and conditions that mightbe imposed by the Department of Justice makes us very nervousabout what the outcome might be," Kistler said, in explainingwhy Hughes had made the counter proposal.    "We need additional time to understand why Baker did notaccept our proposal."    Kistler also said that the law suit filed by Baker "was nota factor" in the board's decision to keep its merger proposalon the table.    He declined to comment on the allegations in the lawsuit.    Kistler said Hughes would be willing to consider acompromise counter proposal, but declined to be more specific.    The Justice Department in January said it would block theHughes and Baker merger on anti-trust grounds unless bothcompanies agreed to sign a consent decree that would providefor the sale of the assets after the merger took place.    The Hughes board said it would not sign the decree becauseits was too "unreasonable." Hughes said that Baker shouldinstead complete the sale of the disputed assets before themerger is finalized and given government approval.    Under the decree, if Baker is unable to find acceptablebuyers within a specified period of time after the decree isapproved, a federal trustee would become responsible forfinding a buyer.    Kistler said that under those terms, the trustee could takeup to 10 years to complete the sales.    He also expressed concern that the combined companies mightbe required by the government's conditions to license some ofits technology to any purchaser of the assets.    Baker said last night in a statement that the requiredassets to be sold would reduce revenues by about 65 mln dlrs,representing about three pct of the revenues of the combinedcompanies. Reuter&#3;