South Africa will repay 13 pct of itsfrozen 13 billion dollar debt to foreign creditors over thenext three years under an agreement reached today in London,Finance Minister Barend du Plessis said.    He said South Africa already had repaid five pct of thedebt under the standstill agreement expiring on June 30, 1987.    "These arrangements confirm South Africa's continuedwillingness to maintain good relations with its foreigncreditors and to meet its foreign commitments in a orderly way,"du Plessis told a news conference.    Du Plessis said the new interim debt agreement was"substantially a continuation" of the arrangement ending in Juneand calls for South Africa to continue paying all interest onits total foreign debt of over 23 billion dlrs.    Du Plessis said 34 banks holding more than 70 pct of thefrozen debt agreed to the new arrangement worked out with SouthAfrican negotiators in London. About 300 other creditor banksalso are expected to approve the agreement, he said.    Reserve Bank governor Gerhard de Kock said the agreementwas a "good deal" both for South Africa and the banks.    Speaking at the same news conference, de Kock said thethree-year length of the agreement was of "enormous significance"to South Africa.    He said South Africa had negotiated from a "position ofbasic economic financial strength."    "We were never overborrowed to begin with and we are nowunderborrowed by all international criteria that I've everheard of," de Kock said.    Du Plessis said available foreign reserves of the ReserveBank, which increased by about 800 mln dlrs in the past twomonths, and a continued current account surplus "will besufficient" to meet terms of the new interim debt agreement.    Du Plessis said the banks were showing much more confidence inthe South African economy and country as a whole.    He attributed this to "restoration of law and order whichhas greatly reduced not only the extent of unrest but also theintensity of unrest."    South Africa has been under a state of emergency since June1986 because of black political violence that has claimed over2,400 lives in the past three years.    Du Plessis said no political demands were made by the banksand South Africa was now rapidly returning to very goodrelations with its foreign creditors.    He said there were encouraging signs that some foreigninvestors were again "taking a more realistic view" of SouthAfrica. Recent examples were the rise in the financial rand andthe sharp increase in foreign exchange reserves, he said.    Of the 13 billion dlrs frozen debt 3.5 billion was owed bypublic sector and 9.5 billion by private industry, du Plessissaid. The remaining 10 billion consists of seven billion owedby government agencies and three billion by the private sector. Reuter&#3;