President Reagan's nominee as toppoliceman for the nation's securities markets will inherit anagency challenged by an insider trading scandal, wild stockprice gyrations and a host of uncertainties stemming from theglobalization of financial markets.    David Ruder, a 58-year-old Republican law professor atNorthwestern University in Evanston, Ill., was named Thursdayto be the 23rd chairman of the five-member U.S. Securities andExchange Commission.    If confirmed by the Senate, as expected, he will succeedJohn Shad, who left the agency earlier this week after a recordsix years as chairman to become ambassador to the Netherlands.    The SEC has been in the limelight for the past year as itsinvestigators have probed into the most colossal insidertrading scandal ever uncovered on Wall Street.    The investigation, which is still active, mushroomed inrecent months as a growing number of well known traders andprominent investment banking firms have been charged withwrongdoing.    The pace of the probe picked up markedly in November afterIvan Boesky, one of Wall Street's most successful stockspeculators, agreed to cooperate with government investigatorsand to pay a record 100 mln dlrs in penalties and illegalprofits after being charged with insider trading.    But the agency is also wrestling with a vexing newphenomenon of huge and rapid swings in stock prices, spurred bycomputer-driven trading strategies that span markets in securities, options and futures. The price gyrations havecombined with rising trading volumes to bring unprecedentedvolatility to some U.S. securities markets.    At the same time, the SEC is being pressed by somelawmakers to put a stop to abusive tactics in corporatetakeover contests as an unrelenting wave of such takeoverssteadily reshapes the U.S. corporate landscape.    And the agency is being pushed by U.S. and foreignexchanges intent on expansion to lay the regulatory groundworkfor an international securities marketplace in which tradingoccurs across borders throughout the world, around the clock.    Such worldwide trading networks offer vast new investmentopportunities but could strain the SEC's ability to enforceU.S. securities laws and guard investors from fraud.    Under the leadership of Shad, the SEC eased financialdisclosure requirements for publicly traded companies,eliminated many minor investor protection rules, attempted tospur competition among exchanges and streamlined the agency'sreview of hostile corporate takeovers.    Shad, who had been vice chairman of the E. F. Huttoninvestment banking firm, brought a Wall Street perspective tothe agency upon being named chairman in 1981.    In line with the views of other top administrationofficials, he favored marketplace determination of takeoverbattles over new federal regulations.    The SEC under Shad also stressed prosecution of insidertrading violations over the corporate wrongdoing cases thattopped the agency's enforcement agenda during theadministration of President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat.    Securities lawyers and industry officials acquainted withRuder say the new chairman-designate is unlikely tosignificantly alter the commission's current priorities.    The SEC currently has about 2,000 employees, most of themlawyers, and an annual budget of about 115 mln dlrs though thatfigure likely will be significantly higher next year as theagency moves to beef up its enforcement staff.    The agency is one of the few in the government thatactually has taken in more money than it has spent in the pastfew years because of fees it charges public companies,investment banks and other securities firms it regulates.    The SEC is structured as an independent regulatory agency,meaning that its five commissioners are appointed by thepresident to fixed five-year terms and protected from firingfor policy differences alone.    By law, no more than three commissioners may be of the samepolitical party, and the agency prepares its own budget requesteach year instead of leaving this to the White House.    Established by Congress in 1934, the SEC traces its originsto the great stock market crash of 1929, which was attributedin large part to widespread trading on credit and attemptedmarket manipulations by large investment firms.    The agency requires public companies and investmentvehicles such as mutual funds to issue periodic reports ontheir financial condition and to disclose changes in theircondition any time they issue new securities.    It requires brokers, dealers and investment banks toregister with it and comply with investor protection rules, andit polices exchanges and regulates trading practices.    Its first chairman was Joseph Kennedy, an industrialmagnate who was also the father of John Kennedy, later tobecome the nation's 35th president.    Other former chairmen include William Douglas, who servedfrom 1937 until his appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court in1939, and William Casey, who served during President Nixon'sfirst term and was Reagan's director of the CentralIntelligence Agency until his death earlier this year. Reuter&#3;