American Express Co's plan to sell astake in its Shearson Lehman Brothers is believed to be aprelude to a public offering of shares in the brokerage unit,analysts said.    American Express earlier said it has a generalunderstanding with Nippon Life Insurance Co of Japan to sell a13 pct interest in Shearson for 530 mln dlrs.    The statement triggered a rise in other brokerage stocks,as investors speculated on the possibility of more investmentin the U.S. brokerage industry by Japanese concerns.    The stocks of brokerage firms also climbed in response tothe relatively high value Nippon put on its stake in the U.S.firm. Analysts said the 530 mln dlrs for 13 pct represents aprice of 2.7 times book value.    Perrin Long of Lipper analytical said the brokerage stocks,depressed somewhat by the dark cloud of the U.S. insidertrading scandal, closed out February at a market value of 1.8times book value.    American Express was trading today at 78-1/4, off 3/8. Forthe last several weeks, the stock has been strong on rumors ofa spinoff of part of Shearson.    Analysts said American Express and its Shearson unit willbenefit from the doors Nippon Life can open to the increasinglyimportant Tokyo financial markets.    "I think this, in all honesty, is a preliminary step," saidLong.    "What you will see probably in the future is AmericanExpress selling an additional 17 pct in the public market andhave a public vehicle for Shearson," Long said.    "Normally, investors do not make a major capital commitmentinto an illiquid situation," he said of Nippon.    Some analysts previously speculated a 20 pct stake inShearson might be sold to the public. They said the firm, likeother investment banks, needs capital to expand globally.    American express has said the total employees of shearsonwill expand by 20 pct in 1987 internationally. However, thatnumber is substantially lower than growth last year, a companyspokesman said.    American Express officials would not comment beyond astatement made this morning. That statement, however, did notclose off the possibility of a public offering or other optionfor Shearson.    David Anthony, a Smith Barney analyst, said it is possibleShearson would be partially sold to the public. But he believesthe firm will digest the Nippon investment first.    "I think they'll figure out what they're going to do withthe money they have," he said.    Joan Goodman, an analyst with Pershing and Co, also saidAmerican Express could determine to sell shares to the public.    In its statement, the financial services giant said it iscontinuing to study various plans for Shearson in addition tothe investment by Nippon.    American Express said options under study range fromexpanding Shearson's capacity to meet international competitionto broadening its access to capital.    American Express also said the options reflect thecontinuing integral role of Shearson in American Express'worldwide financial services strategy.    Shearson follows Goldman, Sachs and Co in finding aJapanese partner. Goldman last year sold a 12.5 pct stake toSumitomo Bank in exchange for a 500 mln dlr capital infusion.    Analysts speculated there will be more such matches.    "Those (U.S. brokers) companies have the expertise. Theydon't have the money. There's just not enough internal capitalgrowth," said Wertheim analyst James Hanbury, who follows otherU.S. brokerage companies.    Hanbury said some Japanese companies, flush with cash, areinterested in the expertise of American brokers. "Those(Japanese) companies have the capital and our companies havethe capital needs and the growth opportunities to use themoney. That's a nice marriage," he said.    Morgan Stanley and Co &lt;MS> rose 4-1/4 to 74-7/8. FirstBoston Corp &lt;FBC> was up one to 51-1/4. E.F. Hutton Group &lt;EFH>rose 1-1/4 to 41-1/8, and PaineWebber Group &lt;PWJ> climbed 7/8to 37-3/4. Merrill Lynch and Co, recommended today by aPaineWebber analyst, rose 2-5/8 to 45-3/8. Reuter&#3;