Chances that the International CoffeeOrganization, ICO, executive board meeting this week will agreeto resume negotiations on export quotas soon look remote, ICOdelegates and trade sources said.    ICO observers doubted Brazil or key consuming countries areready to give sufficient ground to convince the other side thatreopening negotiations again would be worthwhile, they said.    ICO talks on quotas last month broke down after eight dayswhen producers and consumers failed to reach agreement.     "Since we have not seen signs of change in other positions,it's difficult to see a positive outcome at this stage,"Brazilian delegate Lindenberg Sette said. But quotas must benegotiated sometime, he said.     The U.S. has indicated it is open to dialogue on quotasbut that Brazil must be flexible, rather than refuse to lowerits export share as it did in the last negotiations, delegatessaid.     At this week's March 31-April 2 meeting, the 16-member ICOboard is scheduled to discuss the current market situation, thereintroduction of quotas, verification of stocks and someadministrative matters, according to a draft agenda.    The fact that Brazilian Coffee Institute president JorioDauster, Assistant U.S. Trade Representative Jon Rosenbaum andchief Colombian delegate Jorge Cardenas are not attending themeeting has signalled to most market watchers that it will be anon-event as far as negotiating quotas is concerned.    "I would imagine there will be a lot of politicking amongproducers behind closed doors to work up some kind of proposalby September (the next scheduled council meeting)," BronwynCurtis of Landell Mills Commodities Studies said.    Traders and delegates said they have seen no sign that adate will be set for an earlier council meeting.    If the stalemate continues much longer, analysts expect thecoffee agreement will end up operating without quotas for theremainder of its life, to September 30, 1989.    When talks broke down, the U.S. and Brazil, the largestcoffee consumer and producer respectively, blamed one anotherfor sabotaging negotiations by refusing to compromise.    Brazil wanted to maintain the previous export quota shares,under which it was allocated 30 pct of world coffee exports,but consumers and a small group of producers pressed for sharesto be redistributed using "objective criteria," which would havethreatened Brazil's share.    At a recent meeting in Managua of Latin American producers,Costa Rica and Honduras said they were willing to put theirobjections as members of the group of eight ICO "dissident"producers aside, in order to stem the damaging decline inprices, Nicaraguan External Trade Minister Alejandro MartinezCuenca told reporters Saturday. He was in London to briefproducers on the Managua meeting.    However, other producers said they were not aware of thismove toward producer solidarity.    London coffee prices closed at 1,276 stg a tonne today,down from around 1,550 at the beginning of March. Reuter&#3;