Takeover speculation buoyed Wendy'sInternational Inc's stock, even after Coca Cola Co took thefizz out of market rumors by denying it was an interestedsuitor.    Wendy's retreated from an earlier high of 13-3/8, and losta point when Coca Cola &lt;KO> said the rumors were untrue.However, Wendy's remained up 5/8 at 12-3/8 on volume of morethan three mln shares.    Several analysts were skeptical of the rumors, yet theysaid they could not conclude a takeover of the fast foodrestaurant chain was impossible.    Wendy's declined comment on takeover rumors of all kinds.Yet, a Wendy's spokesman said the company was aware of aBusiness Week article, which named Coke as a potential suitorand which market sources said helped ignite the rumor mill.    Market sources mentioned Anheuser-Busch Inc &lt;BUD> andPepsico Inc &lt;PEP> as alternatives to Coke as acquirers. Neitherof those companies would comment, nor would the Wendy'sofficial.    "It doesn't happen every day, every week, every month, butits not unusual for us to be linked with those companies," saidDenny Lynch, Wendy's vice president of communications.    However, Lynch would not comment specifically on thecurrent market rumors.    Even before Coke denied the rumors, analysts had beenskeptical of a takeover since Atlanta-based Coke has stated itviews fast food chains as customers and does not want to becomea competitor to them.    "I can't put another name on it," said Kidder peabodyanalyst Jay Freedman as vaguer rumors continued to hold upWendy's stock. "It very well could be someone's interested."    But Freedman said he doesn't believe now is the right timefor Wendy's to be sold.    "They're obviously having operational difficulties. I'vealways believed at the right price Wendy's would consider (anoffer), but I can't believe this is the right price at theright time," Freedman said.    "If a transaction takes place, the buyer's going to controlthe situation," Freedman said.    "I just don't think there's anything going on. I don'tthink it's worth much more than where it is," said Joseph Doyleof Smith Barney.    Analysts said Wendy's has suffered largely from the "burgerwars" between itself, McDonald's Corp &lt;MCD> and Pillsbury Co's&lt;PSY> Burger King chain. Wendy's, the third largest fast foodhamburger chain in the U.S., lost about 11 pct in same storesales last year, analysts said.    Wendy's also fumbled when it introduced a high-pricedbreakfast, which it has since withdrawn, analysts said. Someanalysts said the company should be bringing in new products,but it is too soon to predict a significant turnaround.    There are analysts, however, who believe Wendy's may bevulnerable to a takeover.    James Murren of C.J. Lawrence said Wendy's could be worth14 to 15 dlrs on a break-up basis. He said the company hasimproved its debt-to-equity ratio and Wendy's owns a highpercent of its own restaurants - 38 pct of 3,500.    "They also have some attractive leaseholds on theirrestaurants," Murren said.    Murren said that despite the downturn in sales last year,Wendy's real sales, store for store, turned upwards in thefourth quarter. "That was about the first time in sevenquarters," he said.    Caroline Levy of E.F. Hutton also believes something couldbe going on with Wendy's. "My gut feeling is something's goingto happen. I don't know what," she said.    She estimated a takeover price would be at least 15 dlrsper share.    One analyst speculated that Coke became the rumored suitorbecause Wendy's decided to sell Coke at its fountains insteadof Pepsi.    Wendy's is currently embroiled in litigation brought byPepsi, which holds a contract with the company, analysts said.Pepsi's soda is still sold in the Wendy's restaurants. Reuter&#3;