Britain and Japan clashed today over U.K.Demands for greater access to the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) astrade tensions between the two countries mounted.    British consumer affairs minister Michael Howard toldreporters he was dissatisfied with the exchange's response toBritain's non-negotiable timetable for increased Britishmembership and warned of possible reprisals in the future.    He described his meeting with Tokyo stock exchange (TSE)head Michio Takeuchi, in which he demanded greater exchangeaccess, as "very frank indeed."    In a separate press conference, TSE President MichioTakeuchi said the exchange has done its utmost to liberaliseits membership and called on Britain to make some concessions.    According to Takeuchi, Howard wants three British firms tobe named members of the Tokyo stock exchange by the end of thisyear. Neither Takeuchi nor Howard would name the companies.    "Next May is the earliest possible date for opening ourmembership and I want the British government to understandthis," Takeuchi said.    Membership cannot be increased before space on the tradingfloor is expanded in May 1988, he said.     Howard told reporters that was not good enough and saidthat Britain would use its powers to ban Japanese financialinstitutions from London if it was not satisfied with Tokyo.    Japan has until the next meeting of senior officials fromthe two countries in May or June to come up with a postiveresponse to the British timetable or face retaliation, he said.    "The timetable was constructed in a way that made it a veryreasonable request and I expect it to be met," he said.    Asked about the exchange's argument that it has no floorspace to expand membership, Howard replied, "We find it verydifficult in our country to understand why the considerableingenuity and resourcefulness of the Japanese (in worldmarkets) is unable to overcome problems of that kind."    While here, Howard said he also expressed frustration withthe huge trade imbalance with Japan and with Tokyo's handlingof demands by Britain's Cable and Wireless for a greater rolein Japan's telecommunications business.    According to Japanese newspaper reports, at least some ofthat message may have penetrated.    According to several reports, the Post andTelecommunications Ministry is considering a Cable and Wirelessproposal for a telephone cable between Japan and the U.S.    Ministry officials were unavailable for comment. REUTER&#3;