&lt;Dart Group Corp> said it toldSupermarkets General Corp &lt;SGL> it was flexible on the price itwould pay to acquire the company.    Dart has said it would offer 41.75 dlrs cash for each SGLshare if the SGL board recommended the offer to shareholders.    SGL has termed the 1.62 billion dlr offer unsolicited.    In a letter to SGL dated March 20, Dart also said it wasdenied confidential information on SGL that would be given toother potential bidders.    SGL officials could not be reached for comment.    Dart said it was advised that a selling brochure for thesale of SGL had been distributed to about 20 potential buyers,but not itself. These purchasers would also be given access toSGL's books and records and the opportunity to talk with keyemployees.    "We suspect that one or more of the 20 are leveraged buyoutfirms," said a source close to Dart. Analysts have said SGLmanagement may be considering a leveraged buyout.    Dart said it remains interested in acquiring SGL on afriendly basis and reiterated its willingness to negotiate allthe terms of its offer.    Dart said SGL representatives said the company has notreceived any other offer.    It said it requested the confidential information to betterunderstand SGL, but was denied this because it refused to signan agreement prohibiting it from making a bid for SGL withoutSGL's approval.    The agreement would also have limited its ability to buySGL shares, Dart said. It considered those conditionsunreasonable in the interest of trying to negotiate a friendlytransaction, it said.    Dart has just under five pct of SGL shares.    Dart said it requested the information before its meetingwith SGL representatives, but held the meetings in the hoperepresentatives would reach an agreement.    It said it indicated it was flexible on price, but was toldthere were certain issues important to SGL management and whilethey were not conditions to the deal, Dart was expected to takethem into account in putting together its package.    It said the issues include an immediate payment of 5.7 mlndlrs to SGL chairman Leonard Lieberman, executive vicepresident James Dougherty and financial officer Murray Levine.    Dart said this payment was intended for the three officers'severance agreements, although there was an implication thatLieberman and Dougherty would be leaving the company of theirown volition.    Dart said under their present agreements, none of theseofficers have any right to such accelerated payments. Also,Dart said Lieberman, Dougherty and Levine are to be paid 2.6mln dlrs to pay their taxes. It also said top management'sincentive shares were to be accelerated and paid for at a costof six mln dlrs although there are restrictions on the sharesunless waived by the company's compensation committee.    Dart said it was to fund up to five mln dlrs for topmanagement's supplemental retirement plan.    Dart said another issue was to agree to future severanceobligations and future salary guarantees for top management,estimated at more than 15 mln dlrs in excess of obligationsunder the company's present policy.    Dart said despite such management payments, it agreed todiscuss all aspects of its offer and in fact did try tonegotiate a transaction at the March 18 meeting with SGL.    Supermarkets General owns the Path Mark supermarket chainand Rickels home centres.    Dart also released a copy of a lawsuit that was being filedby an SGL shareholder, seeking to stop SGL from taking suchactions as paying greenmail or enacting a poison pill defence.    The suit also sought to have directors carry out theirfiduciary duty.    Greenmail is the payment at a premium for shares held by anunwanted suitor and a poison pill is typically the issue ofsecurities to shareholders which make a takeover moreexpensive. REUTER&#3;