SAS &lt;Scandinavian Airline Systems>said it was postponing a decision on a 10-billion crown orderfor 12 McDonnell Douglas &lt;MD N> MD-11 airliners following whatit said was an aggressive counter-bid from Airbus Industrie.    SAS signed a letter of intent for the MD-11s last December,but a company statement said the decision on whether to hardenthis up into a firm order would be linked to the outcome ofnegotiations with the United States on deregulating air faresacross the North Atlantic.    The SAS move, said by analysts to be a big blow toMcDonnell Douglas, came following a Copenhagen board meeting ofthe airline in which the governments of Sweden, Denmark andNorway jointly own a 50 pct stake. The remainder is held byindustry.    A company statement said SAS would wait to see the outcomeof the government-to-government negotiations with the UnitedStates, in which the three Scandinavian countries have demandedgreater access to the U.S. Domestic market for SAS in exchangefor deregulating prices across the North Atlantic.    At present SAS is allowed to fly to New York, Chicago, LosAngeles, Seattle and Anchorage.    SAS gave no details of the Airbus Industrie counter-offerfor its long-range A340, but said it will study the bidfurther.    Swissair yesterday confirmed an order for the MD-11 longhaul jets worth 1.2 billion Swiss francs and said it hadpreferred the McDonnell Douglas planes over the A340, a projectthat has not yet been formally launched, as it met theairline's requirements better and would be able to enterservice in 1990.    SAS President Jan Carlzon announced the MD-11 order lastDecember, saying the plane would replace the airline's currentfleet of DC10s. The first of the MD-11s was to be delivered in1991 for use mainly on its intercontinental routes.    In January, SAS officials said Airbus had made a revisedoffer that included larger, more powerful engines and twoversions of the four-engine plane. One would seat 220passengers and another 260 against the MD-11's 265-seatcapacity.    The offer was part of a drive to secure at least fiveairline customers for the new aircraft to enable AirbusIndustrie to launch production. Airbus is expected to decidewhether to go ahead with the project next month.    SAS officials earlier said they did not expect the firstA340 to be delivered before 1992. McDonnell Douglas had givenSAS until March 31 to agree to final terms for the MD-11 deal. REUTER&#3;