Medtronic Inc said it sees 15 pctgrowth in sales and earnings for the year ending April 30,1988.    At an analysts meeting here the company said that for theyear ending April 30, 1987 it will earn about 73 mln dlrs, orabout 5.15-5.35 dlrs a share on sales of about 500 mln dlrs.    In the year ago period, the company earned 53.4 mln dlrs,or 3.65 dlrs a share, on sales of 402.8 mln dlrs.    Winston Wallin, Medtronic chairman, said the company willimprove market share in fiscal 1988 in cardiac pacemakers andexpand its cardiovascular therapeutic product line.    Wallin cautioned analysts not to quickly change their pershare estimates for the company as he said Medtronic will haveheavy sales and marketing expenses in fiscal 1988.    He said the company intends to reinvest its earnings in itsbusinesses and not in its dividends. "Shareholders are betteroff if we grow the business rather than reinvest in dividendsor share repurchases," he said.    Wallin said he sees Medtronic's share of the totalworldwide pacemaker market increasing to 42 pct in fiscal 1988,from 40 pct in fiscal 1987.    He said the worldwide market for cardiovascualr therapeuticproducts, which includes pacemakers, valves, catheters andlasers, will be valued at about 2.5 billion dlrs 1990 and willdouble that by 1995.    Wallin said, "Our objective is to get a hold of newproducts and start building market share if we have to beg,borrow or steal to get into new markets."    In the past, Medtronic's pacemakers have been plagued witha number of problems leading to product recalls. Regulatorsalso have criticized the industry, citing quality problems anda needless overprescription of pacemakers.    "We have no knowledge of any major problems in ourpacemakers or leads," Wallin said. "We intend to re-establishour company as the quality leader in the industry."    Glen Nelson, executive vice president for Medtronics, saidthe company intends to diversify internally and throughacquisitions of companies in areas of Medtronic's expertise,such as drug delivery systems.    Wallin said the 15 pct earnings growth for fiscal 1988 doesnot include dilutions from acquisitions. "We hope to have somesafety provisions so that we won't have any major dilutionsfrom an acquisition."    Wallin also said the company will have virtual exclusivityin rate responsive pacemakers for all of fiscal 1988.    The company markets Activitrax, the first single chamberpacemaker that varies heartrate in response to physicalactivity.    Siemens AG, a West German company, is also developing arate responsive pacemaker.    Reuter&#3;