Underlying dollar sentiment is bearish,and operators may push the currency to a new low unless Japantakes steps to stimulate its economy as pledged in the Parisaccord, foreign exchange analysts polled by Reuters said here.    "The dollar is expected to try its psychological barrier of150.00 yen and to fall even below that level," a senior dealerat one leading bank said.    The dollar has eased this week, but remains stable ataround 151.50 yen. Six major industrial countries agreed at ameeting in Paris in February to foster currency stability.    Some dealers said the dollar may decline in the long term,but a drastic fall is unlikely because of U.S. Fears of renewedinflation and fears of reduced Japanese purchases of U.S.Treasury securities, needed to finance the U.S. Deficit.    Dealers generally doubted whether any economic packageJapan could adopt soon would be effective enough to reduce itstrade surplus significantly, and said such measures wouldprobably invite further U.S. Steps to weaken the dollar.    Under the Paris accord, Tokyo promised a package ofmeasures after the fiscal 1987 budget was passed to boostdomestic demand, increase imports and cut its trade surplus.    But debate on the budget has been delayed by an oppositionboycott of Parliamentary business over the proposed impositionof a five pct sales tax, and the government has only a slimchance of producing a meaningful economic package in the nearfuture, the dealers said.    If no such steps are taken, protectionist sentiment in theU.S. Congress will grow, putting greater downward pressure onthe dollar, they said.    The factors affecting the U.S. Currency have not changedsince before the Paris accord, they added.    "Underlying sentiment for the dollar remains bearish due toa still-sluggish U.S. Economic outlook, the international debtcrisis triggered by Brazil's unilateral suspension of interestpayments on its foreign debts and the reduced clout of theReagan administration as a result of the Iran/Contra armsscandal," said a senior dealer at a leading trust bank.    "There is a possibility that the dollar may decline toaround 140.00 yen by the end of this year," said Chemical BankTokyo branch vice president Yukuo Takahashi.    But operators find it hard to push the dollar either wayfor fear of possible concerted central bank intervention.    Dealers said there were widespread rumours that the U.S.Federal Reserve telephoned some banks in New York to ask forquotes last Wednesday, and even intervened to sell the dollarwhen it rose to 1.87 marks.    The Bank of England also apparently sold sterling in Londonwhen it neared 1.60 dlrs on Wednesday, they said.    But other dealers said they doubted the efficacy of centralbank intervention, saying it may stimulate the dollar's declinebecause many dealers are likely to await such dollar buyingintervention as a chance to sell dollars.    However, First National Bank of Chicago Tokyo Branchassistant manager Hiroshi Mochizuki said "The dollar will notshow drastic movement at least to the end of March."    Other dealers said the U.S. Seems unwilling to see anystrong dollar swing until Japanese companies close their booksfor the fiscal year ending on March 31, because a weak dollarwould give Japanese institutional investors paper losses ontheir foreign holdings, which could make them lose interest inpurchases of U.S. Treasury securities.    U.S. Monetary officials may refrain from making anycomments this month to avoid influencing rates, they said. REUTER&#3;