Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreousaid today that the Greek armed froces were ready to tackle anyaggressors following the sailing of a Turkish research vesseland warships towards disputed waters in the Aegean Sea.    Papandreou told an emergency cabinet meeting in Athens "themilitary readiness of our country is able now to give a veryhard lesson if our neighbours (Turkey) were to carry outmilitary actions."    He said the activities of the research vessel could beaimed at partitioning the Aegean.    "The air force, navy and army are in a state of alert,"General Guven Ergenc, Secretary General of the Turkish GeneralStaff, told a news conference.    He said the Turkish research ship Sismik 1, escorted by anunspecified number of warships, would sail into disputed watersin the Aegean Sea tomorrow morning.    Ergenc told Reuters later that all leave had been cancelledfor members of the armed forces in the Aegean coast area.    The Turkish government said yesterday it had licensed thestate-owned Turkish Petroleum Corp to explore for oil ininternational waters around three Greek islands off Turkey.     Greece and Turkey have long-standing disputes over areasof the Aegean and the presence of Turkish troops in Cyprus.    The latest row erupted when the Greek government said lastmonth that it was taking control of a Canadian-led consortiumwhich was already producing oil off the Greek island of Thassosand would drill in the same area after the takeover.    Ergenc told the news conference the alert followed agovernment decision that Turkey should protect its interests"because of measures Greece has been taking in the Aegean inviolation of international agreements."    Asked how Turkey would react if Greece attacked any of thevessels, he said "If there is an attack, it is clear what has tobe done. An attack on a warship is a cause for war." But headded "We are not in a state of war. The measures taken by themilitary are directed towards protecting our rights."    Greece said yesterday it would defend its national rightsin the Aegean and urged Turkey to accept reference of thedispute to the International Court of Justice in The Hague.    Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesman Yalim Eralp toldreporters today this was unacceptable because of preconditionsAthens had attached.    In Athens, Greek Prime Minister Papandreou said that if theTurkish vessel Sismik 1 began research operations "we willhinder it, of course not with words, as it cannot be stoppedwith words."    Greek newspapers said the armed forces were on alert andnavy ships had gone to the Aegean. But government spokesmanYannis Roubatis did not confirm the move, saying only "The Greekfleet is not at its naval base."    Papandreou said that a map issued in Turkey showed 95 pctof the areas proposed for research were on the Greekcontinental shelf.    Papandreou told the U.S. And NATO that if they had a partin orchestrating the present crisis in order to force Greece tonegotiate with Turkey, the Greek government would not acceptit.    Papandreou has maintained in the past that he will notnegotiate with Ankara until Turkey recognises Greek rights inthe Aegean and withdraws its troops from Cyprus.    He said that in the case of war with Turkey it would not bepossible for Greece to discuss the future of American militarybases here. Asked by reporters if he would close the U.S. Basesin Greece in the event of war, Papandreou replied "Obviously,and perhaps even before the war." REUTER&#3;