Stock market analysts polled before Tokyo'smarket opened on Tuesday said Wall Street's dramatic fall onMonday was overdone and although Tokyo would fall drasticallyat the opening it might stabilise later.    Factors affecting the Tokyo market are not the same asthose in New York, they said.    "Tokyo's market is completely different from New York," saida senior analyst at Nomura Securities. "We have no computer(program) selling, and much more stable share ownership than inNew York."    "The discount rate in Japan cannot rise," the senior Nomuraanalyst said.    He said the Tokyo Exchange's 225-share index may fall 1,000points on Tuesday, because of basic concern. It dropped 620.18points to 25,746.56 on Monday.    But he said a 1,000 point fall would be nothing compared toNew York. "New York overreacted, the dollar is rising -- thatshould be a positive sign for New York," he said.    The Tokyo Stock Exchange opens from 0900 local time (0000GMT) to 1500 local (0600 GMT).    The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 508 points (or 22.5pct) to 1,738 on Monday, its biggest ever one day decline inboth absolute and percentage terms.    Simon Smithson, a Kleinwort Benson International shareanalyst, said Tokyo's market was likely to free fall in morningtrading but perhaps would stabilise later. He too predicted adrop of perhaps 1,000 points in the index today.    But he said overall economic conditions in the U.S. AndJapan were different. "The problems that pushed down the NewYork market, like the (U.S.) budget deficit, trade deficit andslow economic growth, do not exist in Japan," Smithson said.    However, a stocks fund manager at a major trust bank made amore gloomy prediction. "The situation is different in the twomarkets, but you cannot ignore New York," he said.    "Foreigners will be selling and the index funds will beselling," he said.    A fund manager at another Japanese trust bank said Monday'sNew York fall was completely out of the range of expectations.    "All we can do is wait now and see what happens. There seemto be no factors which would stop the fall. There is no way wecan invest now," he said. REUTER&#3;