The Brazilian Coffee Institute,IBC, is unlikely to disclose its future export policy until theend of next week at the earliest, trade sources said.    IBC president Jorio Dauster is meeting governmentministers, producers, exporters and market analysts to assessBrazil's position in the light of the failure of talks inLondon earlier this month to set new International CoffeeOrganization, ICO, export quotas.    "The failure of the talks means Brazil has got to rethinkits position completely," one Santos exporter said.    A meeting of the National Coffee Policy Council is set forThursday, March 19, and Dauster will almost certainly explainhis plan to members then before announcing any new measures.    Dauster told reporters on his return from London last weekthat no decisions would be made on exports before he had heldtalks with all sectors of the industry.    Exporters said Dauster is not under any great pressure tostart marketing coffee immediately. World prices have beenrecovering from the lows which followed the collapse of the ICOtalks and Brazil has sold a reasonable 5.5 mln bags of 60 kilosfor export in the first four months of this year.    The exporters said the key factor in the eventual openingof May and June export registrations will be the amount atwhich the contribution quota is set.    With little expectation of other sales incentive mechanismssuch as discounts, bonuses and price fall guarantees beingintroduced, the level of the quota will be decisive indetermining the competitiveness of Brazilian coffee on worldmarkets, they said.    They noted that on February 16, the eve of a plannedincrease in the quota, April registrations were opened andclosed after 1.68 mln bags were registered for export, a recordamount for a single day.    If May/June registrations are opened under similarconditions as before, Brazil would have no difficulty inselling at least 2.0 mln bags per month.    "The problem would be how to limit sales," one exporter said.    Brazil's present foreign trade and payments problems meanthere are pressures from the government to boost exports tomaximise foreign exchange earnings.    However, the sources said they expect the IBC to adopt amarketing strategy aimed at regaining Brazil's dominantposition as an exporter, but without causing a price war.    General opinion among exporters was that Brazil would planto export between 17 and 18 mln bags this year of which between1.5 and 2.0 mln would be to non-members of the ICO.    The 15.5 mln to 16 mln bags sold to members would be aroundthe figure Brazil had offered to ship if ICO quotas werereintroduced, although Dauster has said this offer expired withthe breakdown of talks.    With the prospects of a crop of at least 28 mln bags thisyear, Brazil has the capacity to export up to 20 mln bags aftermeeting local consumption of around 7.0 mln, the sources added.    However, the sources said Brazil is unlikely even toconsider exporting such quantities, as this would almostinevitably lead to a fall in world prices as Brazil tried toencroach on other producers' markets.    Maximum export earnings would be achieved by orderlymarketing of traditional amounts, thus re-establishing Brazil'smarket share after last year's unusually low exports of 9.9 mlnbags, enabling it to rebuild stocks and maintaining cordialrelations with the producer group which backed Brazil's stanceat the ICO talks, they added. Reuter&#3;