Honeywell Inc said it hascompleted the sale of 57.5 pct of its Honeywell InformationSystems &lt;HIS> computer business to &lt;Compagnie des MachinesBull> of France and &lt;NEC Corp> of Japan for 527 mln dlrs incash.    Honeywell said it will use much of the money to reduceshort-term debt incurred last December when the companypurchased the Sperry Aerospace Group.    Honeywell said the sale of HIS has created a new dedicatedcomputer company jointly owned by Bull, NEC and Honeywell.    The new privately held company, named Honeywell Bull, is42.5 pct owned by Honeywell Inc, 42.5 pct by Bull and 15 pct byNEC, the new company said.    Honeywell added that terms of the agreement with NEC andBull allow it to reduce its current 42.5 pct stake in the newcompany to 19.9 pct at the end of 1988 by selling just overhalf its shares to Bull. Book value at the time will determinethe move's pricing, Honeywell said.    Honeywell chairman and chief executive officer, EdsonSpencer, said the move is the last major step in Honeywell'srestructuring.    "As the leading worldwide supplier of of automation andcontrols for buildings, industry, aerospace and defense,Honeywell is now focusing its management, technical andfinancial resources on high market share business," Spencersaid.    Honeywell said it expects to be Honeywell Bull's largestcustomer, purchasing computers for its own internal dataprocessing, for integration into Honeywell buidling andindustrial automation systems and for resale to the U.S.governement.    Honeywell said HIS's Federal Systems Division is now awholly owned unit of Honeywell Inc, and has been namedHoneywell Federal Systems Inc.    Honeywell said it accounted for HIS as a discontinuedoperation in 1986, and will account for its future interest ona cost basis, recording any dividends as received.    Honeywell Bull said it will continue to develop its productline and build its business in integrated systems fornetworking, database management and transaction processing.    The new company said its board will have nine members,including the chairman and chief executive officer.    Bull will have four members, Honeywell two and NEC one, thenew company, which began worldwide operations today, said.    It added that Jacques Stern, Bull's chairman and chiefexecutive officer, will serve as Honeywell Bull's chairman ofthe board, while Jerome Meyer, formerly executive vicepresident of Honeywell Information Systems, was named presidentand chief executive officer. Reuter&#3;