Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson's budget contained virtually everything the governmentbond (gilts) market had hoped for and is likely to help pricesrace ahead in coming months, analysts and traders said.    Indeed, in the first half hour after Lawson completed hisspeech, gilt prices soared about 1-1/2 points, an extremelysharp gain in such a short period of time. Overall, they roseabout two points on the day.    "This budget was incredibly bullish for the gilts market,"Morgan Grenfell and Co Ltd economist Stephen Bell said.    Analysts said that in the light of the reaction to thebudget in the gilts and U.K. Money markets, U.K. Commercialbank base rates are likely to be cut by as much as a full pointtomorrow.    Analysts said the market's euphoria was simply a reflectionof supply and demand. The crucial piece of news in the budgetwas that the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement would be heldto 4.0 billion stg.    By comparison, a year ago, the PSBR was set at 7.0 billionstg.    The lower PSBR means the Bank of England will have to offerfar less new stock to the market to meet its funding needs andthe scarcity factor is sure to drive prices up further,analysts said.    "The PSBR at four billion is lower than anyone realisticallyexpected," Bell said. Most market expectations called for theChancellor to announce a PSBR of about 5.5 billion stg.    S.G. Warburg Securities Co Ltd economist John Shepherd saidthat overall, the Bank will have to sell about two billion lessin new securities next fiscal year -- a cut of about 15 pct intotal new issue volume.    Chase Manhattan Securities Ltd international economist AndyWrobleski noted the Bank has already raised about 1.8 billionstg of next year's funding needs this year via a series of tapissues.    The issues have been in a partly-paid form where the fullprice does not have to be paid until the start of the newfiscal year and therefore they are not counted in the currentyear's fund raising.    But the Bank of England will also be constrained fromissuing gilts in the conventional form by its promise to tryout a U.S.-style auction system in which firms bid for newstock.    The Bank will also have to offer at least one index-linkedissue where the rate paid to investors is tied to the RetailPrice Index, leaving about one to two billion stg, in total, tobe raised in the form of traditional stock.    Analysts noted that the budget contains provision for a twopence in the pound cut in the basic rate of income tax, in linewith most market expectations, although some operators hadexpected a cut of up to four pence in the pound.    The gilts market approved of the more modest tax cut,Shepherd said, because "If it was more than two pct, they wouldhave become concerned about the economy heating up again."    Also, a cut of two pence in the pound suggests that if theruling Conservative party is re-elected, another two pence cutcan be offered at budget time next year.    Analysts said the gilts market may also be building steamon the political implications of the budget which suggests anearly election.    "All the goodies in this budget will be in place by themiddle of May," Morgan Grenfell's Bell said. "This makes a Juneelection very likely."    Bell said some politically popular provisions omitted fromthe budget, such as lifting the ceiling on the amount ofmortgage eligible for tax benefit and some provisions onpensions, could not have been implemented until autumn anyway.    At that rate, they would have been of little use for apolitical party expecting to call an election in June.    Also, analysts noted, the budget does not go overboard withmeasures that are seen as generous to the wealthy.    "This will be a difficult budget for the (opposition) Labourparty to attack," Shepherd said. REUTER&#3;