Economics Minister Martin Bangemann, whoflies to Washington this weekend for high level talks, saidboosting West German economic growth would not have anysignificant effect on the high U.S. Current account deficit.    In a paper prepared ahead of his trip, Bangemann saidBonn's trading partners had been asking whether West Germangrowth was slowing and whether the Federal Republic should notin the future pursue more strongly expansionary policies.    In the paper Bangemann wrote, "It is not possible to reducethe U.S. Current account deficit by any signficant amount justthrough more stimulation of the West German economy."    One U.S. Administration policy maker said in Washingtonthis week that the United States government wanted West Germanyand Japan to reduce their interest rates even further tostimulate their economies.    Bangemann said it was clear the high mark, as well asuncertainty about further currency developments, was makingcompanies here cautious about production plans and investments.    While West Germany did not seek exchange rates whichunilaterally favoured its exports, it favoured more stabilityand realistic rates, which corresponded to "fundamentals."    He welcomed the February "Louvre Agreement" of six industrialnations to stabilise currencies and said, "(We) expect allparties to hold by the accords struck there." West Germany hadfulfilled its pledge of boosting planned tax cuts, he noted.    Despite calls for lower interest rates, BundesbankVice-President Helmut Schlesinger has hinted that central bankpolicy may even have to be tightened.    He wrote in a newspaper article published yesterday thatthe Bundesbank's current accommodative stance could notcontinue in the long term.    During his trip to Washington, which runs from April 26 to29, Bangemann will meet Secretary of State George Shultz, tradeenvoy Clayton Yeutter, World Bank President Barber Conable, IMFManaging Director Michel Camdessus and Paul Volcker, Chairmanof the Federal Reserve Board. REUTER&#3;