Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party(LDP) drew up a final plan to expand domestic demand and boostimports in time for Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's visit toWashington next week, LDP officials said.    The plan calls for additional fiscal measures worth morethan 5,000 billion yen, a large-scale supplementary budget forthe current fiscal year started April 1, and concentration ofmore than 80 pct of the annual public works budget in the firsthalf of the year, they said.    Nakasone will explain the measures to U.S. Officials duringhis visit to Washington starting April 29.    The LDP plan will be the basis for a government package ofpump-priming measures expected to be unveiled in late May.    The LDP said Japan should do more to reduce its tradesurplus. Its plan is expected to help increase economic growthled by domestic demand, officials said.    The government was also urged to review the ceiling onbudgetary requests for investment purposes in 1988/89. Thegovernment has imposed a five pct cut in investment outlays inthe past five years in line with Nakasone's avowed policy offiscal reforms.    The plan called on Japan to promote government purchases offoreign goods and private sector imports of manufactured goodsby improving import financing, and to make clear officialprocurement procedures for foreign supercomputers.    The LDP also said Japan should contribute further tosociety at large through measures such as doubling its officialdevelopment assistance to 7.6 billion dlrs in five years or soinstead of seven years as the government had originallypromised.    The government was urged to work out a program to recyclefunds from Japan's trade surpluses to debt-ridden countries.    The officials said the funds to be recycled would includethose from the private sector and others provided through thegovernment Export-Import Bank of Japan and Japan's OverseasEconomic Cooperation Fund.    The plan also calls for the government to take steps tohelp the development of African and other less developednations.    The LDP called for adequate and flexible management ofmonetary policy, such as a cut in interest rates on depositswith the Finance Ministry's Trust Fund, and a tax cut topromote plant and equipment investment. REUTER&#3;