The liberalization of West Germancapital markets in May 1985 led to a flood of financialinnovations but the lack of a secondary market for these hasdiminished their acceptance, Deutsche Girozentrale - DeutscheKommunalbank management board member Wiegand Hennicke said.    While innovations may be intellectualy stimulating, theylack transparency, he told an investors' forum in West Berlin.    "Properly functioning markets require standardized products.This (condition) has not been met by some of the innovations,"Hennicke said.    The volume of zero coupon bonds and floating rate notes,the most widely used financial innovations in Germany, standsat four billion and 16 billion marks, respectively, a tinyproportion of the 1,000 billion marks of bonds in circulation.    Even for zero-coupon bonds and floating rate notes, asecondary market had not developed, Hennicke said. Oneimportant reason for this was the bourse turnover tax, whichwas reducing the rate of return to the investors.    West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg said thisweek he believed the tax could still be removed, even if itsabolition was not decided during recent coalition discussions.    Karl-Herbert Schneider-Gaedicke, deputy management boardchairman of DG Bank Deutsche Genossenschaftsbank, said Germandomestic and institutional investors had also shownreservations about investing in participation shares.    One of the reasons was the widely varying terms andconditions of participation shares in West Germany. "Theinvestor has to scrutinize (participation shares) carefully,before making an investment decision," Schneider-Gaedicke said.    He added the attractiveness of participation shares couldbe increased by limiting the combination possibilities of termsand conditions and increasing safeguards for investors.    He also urged publicizing the comparative advantage ofparticipation shares over ordinary shares for foreigners.    Foreigners do not receive the corporation tax bonus grantedto domestic investors for share dividends.    Karl Thomas, head of the Bundesbank's credit department,said the domestic investor had missed earnings opportunitiesover the last four years by failing to invest in German bonds.    Domestic investors did not believe interest rates woulddecline and stay at low levels for such a long time, becauseexpectations were determined by sharp interest ratefluctuations at the start of the decade.    The Bundesbank has a natural interest in seeing domesticsavings channelled into bonds and shares, Thomas said.    A shift of savings into long-term assets would dampenmonetary expansion and foster a stable rise of the moneysupply, he said. REUTER&#3;