General Motors Corp staged an explosiverally on Wall Street after a share buyback program announcedyesterday, but analysts said GM's future remains clouded bystiff competition and erosion of market share.    GM shares rose 3-1/2 to 79-1/8 in active trading. Analystsagreed that investors liked the repurchase program but they differed sharply over the carmaker's long term prospects.    "I'm very positive on GM," said Jack Kirnan of KidderPeabody and Co. "They're clearly committed to enhancingshareholder value."    However, some analysts worry about how GM will pay for thebuyback and whether new models will enable the carmaker torecapture lost market share.    After the market had closed yesterday, GM said it would buyback 20 pct of its common stock by the end of 1990. Theannouncement sent investors today scrambling for GM shares,with more than 3.2 mln shares changing hands by mid-day.    The buyback plan caused several analysts bullish on thestock to reiterate buy recommendations this morning, and atleast one increased his earnings estimates for GM based on agood performance expected from new car models.    But David Healy of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc said therepurchase program is not a positive.    "The buyback doesn't really change the earnings outlook andputs more stress on the balance sheet," he said, since GM willhave to borrow money to pay for the stock purchases. The stockshould settle back down to around 76, he added.    Healy projects GM will earn five dlrs a share in 1987 and5.50 dlrs in 1988, compared to 1986 earnings of 8.21 dlrs.Healy's numbers are near the low end of Wall Street estimates,which range from five dlrs to 7.80 dlrs in 1987 and from fourdlrs to 10.80 dlrs in 1988.    Like other analysts, Healy sees GM's share of the domesticcar and truck market falling in 1987. "On balance, GM cars arenot selling as well as their competitors," he said.    In late February, GM car sales fell 8.6 pct from theyear-ago period while competitors Ford Motor Co &lt;F> andChrysler Corp &lt;C> both posted increases. But GM said Februarysales showed improvement over January, adding that it expectsimprovement in coming months.    Overall, GM's share of U.S. car and truck sales should fallto around 38 or 39 pct in 1987 from 41 pct at the end of 1986,analysts said. The numbers include imports.    Kidder Peabody's Kirnan said cost reductions and productimprovements this year should lead to positive cash flow by thefourth quarter, which will help GM finance the buyback.    "GM (stock) has been a real laggard and now it's rolling upits sleeves and getting serious. I think there's a majorearnings surprise in the winds," he said.    Kirnan raised his earnings estimates slightly today, inpart in reaction to the announced buyback, and sees GM earning5.65 dlrs this year and 9.75 dlrs in 1988. "The company is moreconcerned than ever about improving their relative valuationwith respect to Ford and Chrysler," he said.    Another positive for the stock is GM's dividend, currentlyfive dlrs a share annually, which gives it a higher yield thanits competitors, Kirnan said. And GM will raise the cashdividend 25 to 50 cts a share next year, he predicted.    But analyst Michael Lucky of Shearson Lehman Brothers Incsaid U.S. car sales will weaken, and GM's new products, ifsuccessful, will only slow but not halt the erosion of itsmarket share.    "I believe their new cars will be successful, but that willonly curtail losses in market share," which will fall to around35 pct by 1990, Lucky said.    Philip Fricke of Goldman Sachs and Co falls in the middleof the bulls and bears. While he is recommending GM stock, hesaid results will not improve until 1988.    "I'm not looking for improvement this year. This is atransition year for GM," he said.    Fricke, who estimates 1987 earnings at 7.80 dlrs and 1988at 10.80 dlrs, said cost cutting and new car models will notaffect 1987 results. "But the key thing isn't so much what theyearn this year. It's the momentum beyond this year that'simportant." Reuter&#3;