The United States is prepared to "pull outall the stops" to defend its agricultural trade rights under theGeneral Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), U.S. Ambassadorto GATT Michael Samuels said.    Those rights are now being challenged by the EuropeanCommunity's (EC) agricultural support policies, he told aconference sponsored by the American Soybean Association.    He reiterated Washington's firm intention to retaliate ifthe EC goes ahead and bans imports of hormone-fed beef withoutthe issue being investigated by a GATT special committee.    The U.S. claims the EC directive, due to come into effecton January 1, threatens to cut 100 mln dlrs worth of U.S. meatshipments into the EC.    The U.S. also will oppose all EC efforts to impair U.S.trade via the EC oilseeds regime, which supports EC oilseedprices over the current market level and which may be extendedto include a hotly disputed oils and fats tax, Samuels said.    Reduction of trade-distorting world agricultural subsidies,an aim of most key participants in GATT multilateral tradenegotiations, "is meaningless if import barriers continue to beerected," Samuels said.    Samuels called the U.S. plan to eliminate world farmsubsidies by the year 2000, proposed at GATT in July, "visionary"and "very serious."  The EC and Japan have said it isunrealistic.    The EC Commission this month announced its draft proposalon farm trade reform, expected to be tabled at GATT formallynext week.    The EC scheme involves emergency measures to reducetensions in troubled surplus sectors of cereals and cerealssubstitutes, dairy and sugar. It also calls for reduction offarm subsidies.    The U.S. Is not opposed to short-term measures, as long asthey are directly linked to long-term commitments to end majortrade distortions, Samuels said.    Washington will review the EC proposal when it is formallysubmitted and respond to it officially then.    "We will consider its relation to the Punta del Estedeclaration to correct trade problems and expand market access,"the U.S. Ambassador said.    The U.S. can say no to the EC proposal if the EC ignoresthe U.S. plan when it tables its own proposal, he added.    The key difference between the two approaches is that theU.S. wants farm subsidies eliminated, while the EC is pushingonly for a reduction in farm suppports, Samuels said.    If the EC farm budget were protected by a subsidy freeze,there would be little incentive for the Community to work tocorrect the international trade situation, he added.    Samuels cited the animal hormones complaint, the ECoilseeds regime and an EC regulation concerning meat imports tothird countries as three crucial barriers to trade which theU.S. wants to see resolved under the auspices of GATT. Reuter&#3;