The U.S. Expects more harmonioustalks than usual during French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac'sfirst official visit this week as frequently rancorous disputesbetween the two countries begin to fade.    "The Libyan bombing is a thing of the past, the trade wardidn't happen and we have reached reasonably good cooperationon terrorism," one U.S. Official told Reuters.    "It looks like a reasonably harmonious visit in prospect,more harmonious than usual."    Since taking office a year ago, Chirac has been obliged todeal with a series of potentially serious disputes with theUnited States.    During the U.S. Bombing of alleged terrorist targets inLibya last April, France refused to allow British-based U.S.Planes to overfly its territory, forcing them to take acircuitous route. That angered Washington.    The U.S. Officials, who asked not to be identified, said ayear ago Washington felt the French were not taking strongenough action against terrorism. "Now they are. We're pleasedand they are pleased that we are pleased," one said.    More recently, a dispute over U.S. Access to the grainmarkets of Spain and Portugal after they joined the EuropeanCommunity  threatened to become a trade war.    In retaliation for what Washington saw as deliberateCommunity moves to exclude U.S. Grain, the United States waspoised to impose swingeing tariffs on European Community foodimports and a major trade war was averted at the last minute.    Last week, the forces of President Hissene Habre of Chad,supported, trained and armed by Paris and Washington, scored amajor success by pushing Libyan troops out of their last basesin northern Chad.    A French official added: "There is also a common interest ingetting Japan to cut its trade surplus with the rest of theworld by opening up its markets."    Although relations have improved markedly between the twocountries, many irritants remain. At the top of the list is theCommunity's common agricultural policy (CAP).    To Washington, as one official put it, "CAP is the root ofall evil" in international food trade because it subsidisesfarmers and sells vast amounts of excess produce at below worldprices, thereby eating into U.S. Markets. REUTER&#3;