The use of generic commoditycertificates, or "certs," for fiscal years 1986-88 will savethe government 50 to 100 mln dlrs, Department of AgricultureUndersecretary Daniel Amstutz said.    Speaking at a House agriculture subcommittee hearing on theuse of the certificates, Amstutz said that the issuance of 8.5billion dlrs of certificates during fiscal years 1986-88 couldresult in government outlays of up to 400 mln dlrs.    However, the use of certificates preclude the need for 450to 500 mln dlrs in storage and handling costs, resulting in netsavings for the government of 50-100 mln dlrs, he said.    Without the use of certificates, Amstutz said nearly theentire 1985 crop which had been put under loan would have beenforfeited to the Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC.    In addition, 260 mln bushels of grain that have beenredeemed from CCC inventory through certificate exchanges wouldhave remained in the goverment inventory, he said.    When asked to comment on a recent study by the GeneralAccounting Office that concluded certificates result in a netcost to the government, Amstutz said, "GAO underestimated thebenefits and overstated the costs" of the certificate program.    Amstutz said while certificates encourage more loanentries, they also encourage heavier loan redemptions ratherthan forfeitures.    GAO underestimated this net loan activity, Amstutz said.    "There is no question in the mind of the Department ofAgriculture that these certificates have been very useful,"Amstutz said.    Immediate benefits of certificates include greater marketliquidity, improved market price competitiveness, higher farmincome, and improved debt situation and decreased carryingcosts, he said.    Certificates are an integral part of USDA's long-rangemarket-oriented farm policy, he said.    Amstutz told subcommittee Chairman Rep. Dan Glickman,D-Kans., that USDA is in the process of preparing an officialresponse to the GAO study on certificates and will submit it tothe subcommittee when completed. Reuter&#3;