European Community (EC) leaders hopeto make a new attempt to inject fresh urgency into talks onreforming the bloc's controversial farm policy when ECagriculture ministers meet for a third day of discussions herethis morning.    Community officials said farm commissioner Frans Andriessenmet Belgian minister Paul de Keersmaeker late last night toplan a new initiative.    Both Andriessen and de Keersmaeker, who currently chairs ECfarm ministers' meetings, were said to be disappointed by thelack of progress in the talks so far this week.    The bloc's executive Commission has proposed a toughpackage involving effective cuts of upwards of 10 pct infarmers' returns for many crops this year.    Ministers were due to have adopted a package by April 1 butare only this week getting down to serious negotiations.    Yesterday, they discussed plans to cut cereals prices by2.5 pct, and reduce farmers' rights to sell surpluses to ECstores, to cut prices for fruit and vegetables by largermargins, and to impose a tax on EC-produced and importedoilseeds, a proposal which would be likely to sour EC traderelations with the United States.    Diplomatic sources said ministers, all of whom are opposedto at least one of these propositions, maintained entrenchedpositions yesterday, making the task of de Keersmaeker insteering his colleagues towards a compromise a daunting one.    They said he could also be treading a minefield if hesought to breach the divide between his fellow ministers overplans to change the system by which EC farm prices, expressedin a notional common currency, are translated into thecurrencies of member states.    West German minister Ignaz Kiechle indicated yesterday hewould veto the adoption of Commission proposals in this area,saying they would unfairly affect farmers in strong currencynations.    The Belgian sources said de Keersmaeker may today present apaper to his colleagues which, while not having the status of acompromise proposal, would attempt to narrow their options.    But diplomats said the philosophical gap between ministerslike Kiechle, with his commitment to maintaining traditionalrural patterns, and others who see runaway farm spending asunacceptable economically, is likely to prove extremelydifficult to bridge.    They agreed with EC farmers' union association presidentHans Kjeldsen who said yesterday that an agreement in Juneappeared to be the best that could be hoped for. Reuter&#3;