The United States, which has longsought Japanese action to stimulate its economy, appears to besatisfied Tokyo's latest package is a major development andallows leading industrial nations to reaffirm their agreementto stabilize currencies.    Monetary sources said they believed that U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker considered Tokyo's package, announcedyesterday, to be a major stimulation of the Japanese economy.    But yesterday's statement by seven leading industrialpowers endorses the yen's rise from around 153 to the dollar,the level at the February 22 Paris Accord, to about 145 today.    And the initial reaction of currency markets in the FarEast demonstrates that financial markets are unconvinced thatcurrencies yet reflect economic fundamentals, even though thecountries appear to do so. The yen sank below 145 at one pointdespite intervention by the Bank of Japan.    Kiichi Miyazawa, Japan's Finance Minister, said themovement since Paris was consistent with currency tradingranges the nations agreed to defend in the February talks.    "I would say that what has happened (to the yen) in the pastseveral weeks was not outside the range we agreed to in thediscussions in Paris," Miyazawa said yesterday.    The supplementary budget worth about 34.48 billion dlrs wasannounced by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party on the eve ofMiyazawa's departure for Washington, to attend yesterday'smeetings of leading industrial nations.    In a strongly worded statement terming the Japanese action"extraordinary and urgent", the meeting reaffirmed the ParisAccord by noting that current exchange rates are within rangesbroadly consistent with fundamentals, or economic reality.    The Group of Seven -- the United States, Japan, WestGermany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada -- thereforerepeated their willingness to continue close cooperation tofoster exchange rate stability.    The cooperation agreement has resulted in concerted centralbank intervention of 8 billion to 9 billion dlrs to halt thedollar's fall. While relatively unsuccessful, the scale ofintervention between so many nations is unprecedented in recentyears. Monetary sources also said they understood thatSecretary Baker considered the meeting to be extremelysuccessful in the light of the Japanese announcement.    They also said there was a growing feeling among thefinance ministers and central bankers that cooperation overmedium-term policies has replaced the bickering over short-termdifferences in past meetings.    West Germany, whose currency has not risen anything likethe yen since the Paris Agreement, appears from the face ofyesterday's statement to have won acceptance from othercountries that its exchange rate is acceptable.    Bonn's finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg argues thatmajor currency shifts needed to remedy the huge imbalancebetween West Germany and Japan's trade surpluses and America'strade deficit have already taken place.    No mention was made, however, of the U.S. commitment to cutthe budget deficit even though it is implied in thereafffirmation of Paris.    European nations and Japan believe deficit cuts areessential to curbing the record U.S. trade shortfall thatreached nearly 170 billion dlrs last year.    A similar argument was made on Capitol Hill earlier thisweek by Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker. A furthersharp fall to redress trade imbalances would "clearly posesubstantial risks of renewed inflationary momentum and couldundermine confidence in future financial stability," he said.    Volcker warned a further dollar fall might force thepolitically independent Fed to drive up interest rates.    Monetary sources said that, privately, West Germanywelcomed the rise in the yen against the dollar while its owncurrency remained relatively stable against the U.S. unit.    Bonn and other European nations worry that once the weakdollar blunts Tokyo's export drive to the United States, theJapanese monolith will concentrate on European markets.    The ministers, meanwhile, also continued talks on makingtheir policy coordination more binding and one, CanadianFinance Minister Michael Wilson, said good progress was made.    Wilson said they will meet before the June Economic Summitto prepare a report for the leaders of the seven nations.    The United States and France, backed by the InternationalMonetary Fund, want the seven to agree on ranges or "norms" for alimited number of economic objectives such as growth,inflation, monetary conditions, trade balances and currentaccount balances.    Sharp deviations from these guidelines would result inconsultations between the countries on whether correctiveaction should be required.    But the inclusion of currencies as one of the objectiveshas Bonn and London worried, monetary sources say, because itimplies Washington is moving in the direction of target zones.    The sources said the Reagan administration unsuccessfullysounded out its allies on a system of target zones to limitcurrency fluctuations just before the February meeting.    The concept is a much more rigid one than the secret rangesof the Paris Accord and would mark a sharp departure from therelatively free currency markets of recent years. Reuter&#3;