Citicorp denied financial marketrumors that it has written off some of its loans to LatinAmerican debtors,    "Rumors that we have written off any of our Latin Americandebt are unfounded," a Citicorp spokesman told Reuters inresponse to London-based rumors in the money markets.    Citicorp is the largest bank group in the U.S. and one ofthe biggest lenders to Latin America, with some eight to ninebillion dlrs outstanding to Brazil, Mexico and Argentina, bankanalysts said.    In response to more specific market rumors that it hadtaken action on its exposure to Brazil, Citicorp said it madean 8-K filing on the subject with the Securities and ExchangeCommission on Tuesday in relation to a registration statementfor a preferred stock issue.    Citing the filing, Citicorp said that Brazil's recentsuspension of interest payments on 68 billion dlrs ofcommercial bank debt and related actions "may require Citicorpto place 3.9 billion dlrs of intermediate and long-termBrazilian loans on a cash basis."    When loans are placed on a cash basis, interest orprincipal payments are only booked when received instead ofbeing accrued on their due dates, analysts noted.    However, Citicorp said in the 8-K filing that "it ispremature to make such a decision at this time in view of thefluidity of the situation and management's high confidence inthe long-term outlook for Brazil."    Brazil's new central bank governor Francisco Gros metsenior commercial bankers here on Wednesday and Citicorp saidformal talks on Brazil's recent actions and future financingneeds should begin in "the near future".    Citicorp said in the filing, "the issue will bere-evaluated at the end of the first quarter."    The bank group continued, "if it is decided that theseloans to Brazil should be placed on a cash basis, Citicorpestimates, based on existing interest rates, that the impact inthe first quarter would be approximately 50 mln dlrs after taxand for the full year would be approximately 190 mln dlrs aftertax."    It added that these amounts include interest accrued in1986 that has not yet been collected.    Although Citicorp denied earlier rumors of major loanwritedowns, its warning that it may have to place some of itsBrazilian loans on non-accrual unnerved many Wall Streetinvestors.    The common stock price was down one dlr to 51-1/8 after thefirst hour on a volume of over 500,000 shares.    However, Lawrence Cohn, analyst at Merrill Lynch and CoInc, said that the market's nervousness was not reallywarranted.    "Citicorp can afford it," he said. "The amounts they aretalking about are peanuts."REUTER...^M&#3;