Leaders of the major U.S.commodity exchanges and their federal regulators begin athree-day meeting here tomorrow satisfied with the industry'sgrowth but uncertain about their futures.    An estimated 1,200 industry officials are expected toattend the annual gathering hosted by the Futures IndustryAssociation, FIA.    The satisfaction comes from the dramatic expansion of theU.S. futures and options industries over the last decade.    The uncertainty surrounding this year's meeting stemslargely from a pervasive sense that the potential for majormarket disruption stalks the futures, options and equityindustries.    This bucolic resort will provide an ironic backdrop as thefinancial industry's chiefs anxiously observe this quarter'striple witching hour, March 20, when price gyrations threatento rock markets.    Triple witching occurs when stock index futures and optionsand individual stock options expire simultaneously.    The quarterly phenomenon has been marked by pricevolatility as arbitrageurs have shifted investments betweenstocks and their derivative instruments.    In an effort to quell price fluctuations, the ChicagoMercantile Exchange, CME, home of the Standard and Poor's 500stock index futures contract, recently announced plans to movethe contract's settlement to the morning of the quarterlyexpiration day from the afternoon.    The New York Stock Exchange this Friday intends toimplement stricter procedures requiring members to submit allmarket-on-close orders in 50 blue-chip stocks by 1530 EST.    Despite these efforts to ensure smoother contractexpirations, there is a sense more might have to be done toavert an uncontrollable fall in prices someday.    Looming over the exchanges are the twin threats offortified federal regulation and congressional action to strapmarket activity.    Commodity Futures Trading Commission, CFTC, Chairman SusanPhillips has said the current regulatory structure is adequateto cope with intermarket arbitrage, but that she expects newsurveillance procedures and enhanced cooperation with theSecurities and Exchange Commission, SEC.    SEC Chairman John Shad, voicing concern over pricevolatility associated with program trading, has resurrected aproposal, opposed by CFTC officials, to give federal regulatorscontrol over the setting of futures margins.    Some contend that because futures margins are low relativeto stock margins, portfolio managers have a tendency to shiftout of stock index futures in a falling stock market, hasteninga downward price spiral.    Absent from this week's meeting will be a key congressionalplayer -- Rep. John Dingell (D-Mi.), chairman of the HouseEnergy and Commerce Committee and head of a subcommitteeresponsible for overseeing the SEC.    Dingell has promised to look into program trading andexplore ways of insuring investors and hedgers against marketdisruptions. He is interested in reviewing margins and dualtrading, a practice that allows futures brokers to trade fortheir own account before placing customers' orders.    Recently, a group of CME members, concerned over theperception of abuse of dual trading, proposed banning thepractice. The CME board responded with a plan that wouldrestrict, but not ban, the activity.    The meeting will also be attended by regulators fromAustralia, Britain, France, Hong Kong, New Zealand andSingapore. Their appearance coincides with a controversial CFTCproposal to adopt new regulations over the trading of foreignfutures and options on U.S. exchanges.    The U.S. exchanges oppose the proposed regulations on thegrounds they would prove unnecessarily burdensome.    Other areas of disagreement between the CFTC and theexchanges include the requirement that the exchanges implementstrict, one-minute audit trails by this summer, proposals torevise federal limits on speculative positions and thedefinition of hedging, and CFTC efforts to determine which newinstruments must be traded on regulated exchanges. Reuter&#3;