Latin American sugar producersare awaiting further rises in world market prices before movingto boost production, official and trade sources said.    Although prices have risen to around eight from five U.S.Cents per lb in the past six months, they are still below theregion's nine to ten cents per lb average production cost.    The recent rise in prices has placed producers on thealert, Manuel Rico, a consultant with the Group of LatinAmerican and Caribbean Sugar Exporting Countries (GEPLACEA),told Reuters.    However, Rico said, it would require another five to sevencents to stimulate notable increases in output.    "Producers are taking measures for increasing theirproduction when the prices are profitable," he said.    Officials in Mexico, Guatemala and Ecuador said a continuedrise in prices would stimulate production, but industry leadersin Panama and Costa Rica said there was still a long way to go.    "The prices are ridiculous," said Julian Mateo, vicepresident of Costa Rica's Sugar Cane Industrial-AgriculturalLeague. "At current prices nobody is going to considerincreasing production."    Other producers are wary of committing funds to increasingoutput, given the instability of world markets.    An official at Colombia's National Association of SugarCane Growers said they had no plans to raise export targets."The market is very unstable. What is happening is not yetgiving way to a pattern and so there is no reason to modifyanything."    In 1985, the latest year for which full figures areavailable, Central and South American nations produced 28 mlntonnes, raw value, of sugar of which 12.3 mln were exported. Ayear earlier, they had produced and exported about 800,000more, according to the London-based International SugarOrganization.    Years of continuous low prices have plunged the sugarindustry in many countries in the region into a recession fromwhich it will be hard to recover.    Miguel Guerrero, director of the Dominican Republic'sNational Sugar Institute, said it would be difficult to boostproduction even if prices recovered sharply.    Output had slumped to under 450,000 tonnes a year from900,000 in the late 1970s. Obsolete refineries, poor transportand badly maintained plantations were barriers to any shortterm recovery in output, he added.    Plans of nearby Cuba, the world's largest cane sugarexporter, to increase output to 10 mln tonnes a year by the endof the decade seem ambitious, trade sources said. Output isrunning well below the record 8.6 mln produced in 1970.    Cuba suffers from run down plantations, harvesting problemsand poor processing facilities more than from low world prices,since much of its output is sold to Eastern Bloc countriesunder special deals. Last year, bad weather added to itstroubles, and output fell to 7.2 mln tonnes from 8.2 mln in1985.    The low world prices of recent years have led manycountries in the region to cut exportable production to levelswhere they barely cover U.S. And, in the case of some Caribbeancountries, European Community (EC) import quotas, for whichthey receive prices well above free market levels.    Progressive reductions in the U.S. Quotas have led toproduction stagnating or falling rather than being shifted tothe free world market.    Peru, for example, shipped 96,000 tonnes to the U.S. Inboth 1983 and 1984. This fell to 76,000 in 1986 and this yearits quota is only 37,000.    A national cooperative official said that, as long as worldmarket levels continue at around half of Peru's productioncost, the future of the industry is uncertain.    At a meeting of GEPLACEA in Brazil last October officialsstressed the need to find alternative uses for sugar canewhich, according to the group's executive-secretary EduardoLatorre, "grows like a weed" throughout the region.    Brazil, the largest cane producer with output of around 240mln tonnes, uses over half to produce alcohol fuel. Cane inexcess of internal demand for alcohol and sugar is refined intosugar for sale abroad to earn much needed foreign currency.    The difference in the price the state-run Sugar and AlcoholInstitute (IAA) pays local industry and what it receives fromforeign buyers costs the government some 350 mln dlrs a year.    Soaring domestic demand for both alcohol and sugar over thepast year, coupled with a drought-reduced cane crop, has meantBrazil will have difficulties in meeting export commitments in1987, trade sources said. Negotiations to delay shipments tonext year have been indecisive so far, the main sticking pointbeing how Brazil should compensate buyers for non-delivery ofsugar it had sold at around five cents per lb and which wouldcost eight cents to replace.    Brazilian sugar industry sources said new sugar exportsales were expected to be extremely low for the next year, withthe Institute wary of exposing itself to domestic shortages ofeither alcohol or sugar and because of the need to rebuilddepleted reserve stockpiles.    However, the situation could change dramatically if theeconomy goes into recession and internal demand slumps.    Sources within Latin America and the Caribbean hold littlehope for the region's sugar industry to return to profitabilityunless the U.S. And EC change their policies.    "The agricultural policies of the European Community and ofthe United States have caused our economies incalculable harmby closing their markets, by price deterioration ininternational commerce and furthermore by the unfaircompetition in third countries," Brazil's Trade and IndustryMinister Jose Hugo Castelo Branco told the October GEPLACEAmeeting.    The EC has come under prolonged attack from GEPLACEA forwhat the group charges is its continued dumping of excessoutput on world markets. GEPLACEA officials say this is themain cause of low prices.    GEPLACEA sees a new International Sugar Agreement whichwould regulate prices as one of the few chances of pulling theregion's industry out of steady decline. Such an agreementwould have to have both U.S. And EC backing and industrialisedcountries would have to see it as a political rather than amerely economic pact.    "They have to realise that the more our economies suffer,the less capcity we have to buy their goods and repay theregion's 360 billion dollar foreign debt," GEPLACEA's Latorresaid. Reuter&#3;