Mexico's policies for silverproduction and sales have not changed despite Peru's decisionlast week to freeze its silver sales, government mining andcentral bank officials said.    The officials also expressed doubt that such a policychange was in the works.    Mexico is the world's leading silver producer and had anoutput of about 73.9 mln troy ounces last year, according topreliminary government figures.    Peru, the world's second leading silver producer, last weeksuspended sales of the precious metal in what authorities inLima said was an effort to protect its price in an unstablemarket.    Since the decision, Peruvian officials have said they willdiscuss cooperation in the silver market with Mexican officialsin scheduled meetings.    Last week, Peruvian central bank president Leonel Figueroaand the head of the central bank of Mexico, Miguel ManceraAguayo met in Mexico City in private talks said aimed atconsolidating the upward trend of silver prices.    Mexican minister of energy and mines, Alfredo del Mazo, isalso expected to meet soon with his Peruvian counterpart,Wilfredo Huayta.    However, no Mexican decision has been made to follow thePeruvian example of suspending new silver sales, Mexicanofficials said.    One Mexican mining sector official working closely with thegovernment's production and sales policy told Reuters therehave been no changes in policy handed down by the central bank.    "The same policy that has been followed will be continued,"said the official, who asked not to be further identified.    A spokesman for the central bank said the bank had noinformation on any silver policy changes.    An energy and mines ministry spokesman and an official inthe ministry's metallurgy department also said no governmentsilver policy change had been made.    The mining sector official also said he doubted Mexicowould follow Peru's policy, reasoning that if the twogovernments had intended to coordinate silver policies, Mexicowould have announced a sales suspension along with Peru lastweek.    "It's very probable a change won't be made," the officialsaid. Reuter&#3;