The extraordinary foreign exchangeloss of 480 mln marks reported last week by Volkswagen AG&lt;VOWG.F> (VW) is so large that outside currency traders wereprobably involved in the case, currency sources said.    They were commenting after weekend newspaper reports thatprosecutors were transferring the focus of their enquiries toFrankfurt, West Germany's main foreign exchange centre.    Volkswagen announced last Tuesday that it had called inprosecutors to investigate a possible fraud involving currencyhedging.    The newspaper Welt am Sonntag said the investigation bystate prosecutors was now considering whether the alleged VWcurrency manipulators had outside banking accomplices.    The transactions were only possible, "because the culpritspossessed genuine bank forms, with the help of which they wereable to deceive controllers for years," the newspaper said.    But currency sources said there were so many loopholes inevery bank's currency dealing system that controls could easilybe avoided.    Rolf Selowsky, financial member of the management board,has resigned in the wake of the affair, a VW spokesman said.    Selowksy's resignation followed a VW announcement on Fridaythat foreign exchange chief Burkhard Junger had been dismissedand Guenther Borchert, head of the financial transferdepartment, had been suspended along with Siegfried Mueller,head of the central cash and currency clearing.    Four other members of the foreign exchange staff were alsosuspended, but no charges have been laid.    VW Supervisory board chairman Karl Gustaf Ratjen saidentire data tapes had been erased and programs altered inforged transactions.    Der Spiegel magazine said VW financial controllersdiscovered the uncovered positions on February 18 when VWexpected a currency forward contract with the HungarianNational Bank to mature, but Hungarian bank officials said theyknew nothing of the transaction and the supposed contracts wereforgeries.    The Budapest-based bank refused to buy the dollars and hasnot commented on the affair.    The Hungarian National Bank is, along with the Soviet Bankof Foreign Trade, one of two major East Bloc currency tradersand most major banks based in Germany deal with it regularly.    It would not be possible, the sources said, for any bank torenege on a genuine forward contract since this wouldimmediately become known and effectively prevent the bank fromoperating further in the spot or forward currency markets.    Longer-maturity forward contracts, even contracts of up to10 years, were now becoming more common, they said but thelonger and larger the contract, the more likely it was that itwould be transacted with a domestic institution.    Being one of Germany's most diversified multi-nationals, VWhas exposure in a large number of currencies and dealt in thesewith most banks in Frankfurt and also abroad, sometimes throughcurrency brokers, although it has the reputation of doingrelatively little hedging, currency sources said.    "They (VW) are always in the market, more or less trading asa bank," one senior dealer said.    Some newspaper reports said the losses were incurredbecause of VW's failure to take out currency hedging contractsbeginning at the end of 1984, when the dollar was rising.    But the currency sources said market speculation was thatdollar income of around one billion dlrs was involved and thatthe bulk of the transactions occurred last year since whichtime around 50 pfennigs per dollar was lost when the dollarfall continued.    Longer-maturity currency contracts for more than 100 or 200mln dlrs each were rare. Taking several in this size out with asingle bank would be easily spotted by financial controllers.    One senior dealer for a German bank said, "There's no waythey can have hoped to get away with it. It's too big."    The sources added that the involvement of the FederalCriminal Office (BKA) in Wiesbaden could indicate that theinvestigation would lead outside Germany.    BKA has the mandate to handle criminal cases that mayinvolve foreign police forces or supranational services such asInterpol. However the branch also handles cases that transcendfederal state borders within Germany. REUTER&#3;