Senior Japanese officials tomorrowopen talks with American trade negotiators in a last-ditcheffort to avert new high U.S. tariffs to be imposed on a widevariety of Japanese electronic exports.    Makoto Kuroda, vice minister of Japan's Ministry ofInternational Trade and Industry (MITI), is to hold two days ofmeetings with the Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, MichaelSmith, and the Under Secretary of Commerce, Bruce Smart.    The new tariffs, to go into effect on April 17, are inretaliation for Japan's failure to adhere to an agreement toend dumping semiconductors in world markets at below cost andto open its home market to U.S. semiconductor shipments.    They are to be imposed on goods which use semiconductors,including television and audio equipment and computers.    Both U.S. and Japanese officials have said there was littlelikelihood the talks would do anything to avert the 100 pctduties on 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese shipments.    President Reagan announced the planned tariffs on March 27after he said that close monitoring of the July 1986U.S.-Japanese semiconductor pact convinced U.S. officials thatJapan was not honoring the agreement.    In making the annoucement, Reagan said "I am committed tothe full enforcement of our trade agreements designed toprovide American industry with free and fair trade."    Trade analysts said his move was aimed as much at Japan'ssemiconductor trade practices, which are said to have injuredthe U.S. semiconductor industry, as Congress, which hascomplained about presidential timidity on trade issues.    Congressional Democrats have pledged to enact aggressivetrade laws to counter what they contend has been Reagan'sinaction to redress the growing U.S. trade deficit, which lastyear reached 169.8 billion dlrs.    About one-third of the deficit was with Japan.    Reagan said there were recent signs Japan was beginning toadhere to the pact and that was why he was not terminating it.    Kuroda said on leaving Tokyo today he had no new proposalsbut did have an explanation of the semiconductor situation.    He told the daily newspaper Ashai Shimbun that Reagan'sdecision was based on inaccurate data and an exaggerated senseof MITI's power to control Japanese traders.    "The United States has excessive expectations.," he said. Tostabilize supply-demand relations which have been disrupted byexcess inventories since 1985 will take some time."    He also said that U.S. firms had not been aggressive enoughin trying to sell in the Japanese market. Reuter&#3;