Japan, which has been accused of dumpingeverything from steel to computer microchips on world markets,is now under attack for alleged cutthroat selling of a productof a different sort -- banking services.    At meetings here this week, Bank of England officialspressed their Japanese counterparts to change regulations thatforeign bankers say give their Japanese rivals an unfairadvantage in world financial markets.    The technical banking talks coincided with, but wereseparate from, discussions between Japanese officials andBritish corporate affairs minister Michael Howard, who leftTokyo yesterday for South Korea.    At the crux of the talks was the way regulators in variouscountries measure bank capital and how much capital banks mustput up to back up their loans.    It is generally agreed that shareholders' equity forms thebulwark of bank capital but there is disagreement about whatelse should be included.    Some foreign bankers contend that their Japanese rivals canundercut them on loans and other banking services becauseTokyo's capital regulations are easier to meet.    The Japanese banks have an unfair advantage, Paul Hofer,head of the Foreign Bankers Association of Japan, told Reuters.    Sumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist Masahiko Koido said, "Theysee us as very aggressive. We say we are just trying to catchup with them."    Earlier this year, the United States and Britain agreed toadopt common regulations requiring banks to put up capitalequivalent to at least six pct of total assets. The twocountries urged others to follow suit, notably Japan.    But Japanese Finance Ministry officials held out littlehope that would happen soon as they just introduced newregulations governing capital ratios last May.    Under those regulations, banks have until 1990 to attain acapital ratio of four pct. But, in tacit recognition ofoverseas pressure, the ministry set a six pct target forJapanese banks with overseas branches.    But foreign bankers say the rub was that it allowed Japan'sbanks to count 70 pct of the value of their massive holdings ofJapanese shares - their so-called hidden reserves - as capital.    Without the shares, big Japanese banks would only havecapital ratios of around three pct. With them, their ratios arewell above six pct, especially after the recent record-breakingclimb of Tokyo share prices.    Western diplomats argue that the shares are valued far toohigh by the ministry. Japanese banks would never be able torealize anywhere near that amount if they were forced to sellthe shares to raise funds in an emergency, they say.    Finance Ministry officials defended their stance by sayingthat studies of the stock market over the last 30 years showthat prices have rarely fallen below the 70 pct value level.    But the U.S. Federal Reserve seems to think otherwise.Japanese officials say the Fed has effectively held upapplications for bank licenses by Japanese financialinstitutions by asking them for a very detailed accounting oftheir hidden reserves.    The officials say Japan recently raised the issue with theFed through its embassy in Washington and is hoping for talkson the subject. REUTER&#3;