Japan is attempting to cut backsemiconductor production to forstall the 300 mln dlrs in U.S.tariffs on Japanese electronic goods set to take effect April17, industry analysts said.    The move is likely to create a sharp price rise and apossible shortage of the key computer components in the nextfew weeks, the analysts said.    "Prices have gone up for memory components, the mainstay ofthe Japanese semiconductor industry," analyst Drew Peck ofDonaldson Lufkin and Jenrette said.    But analysts said the price rises have been slight so far,and some questioned whether Japan would be successful inforcing Japanese companies to cut production in the long run.    Others, however, were more optimistic, saying evidence wasalready in hand that Japan has cut back prodution and haltedsales to the grey market, the third country brokers that sellchips at below production costs.    "We've seen the grey market begin to dry up for D-RAMS, andit has virtually dried up for EPROMS," said Merrill Lynchanalyst Thomas Kurlack of the two key memory chips used incomputers.    "Prices are inching up and lead times on deliveries arestretching," Kurlack added.    Industry analysts said Japan's Ministry of InternationalTrade and Industry, or MITI, had requested the cut backs inproduction to meet the terms of last year's semiconductoraccord with the U.S.    The Reagan adminsitration recently proposed tariffs onJapanese electronic goods, alleging that Japan had failed tolive up to the accord and continued to dump the computercomponents in the U.S. market.    But some analysts said Japan's attempt to mollify the U.S.was a double edged sword, and might be read at a subtle form oftrade retaliation for the tariffs proposed by the U.S.    As production in Japan is cut, these analysts argue, priceswill rise in the U.S. and few American semiconductormanufactures will be able to take up the slack since most longago exited the market for memory chips. U.S. computer makersthat use the chips in their machines will then be pressured.    "The Japanese are looking for ways to reduce tradepressures from Washington, but at the same time they'redemonstating their muscle," analyst Peck said.    The cut backs in Japanese production are expected tobenefit U.S. chip makers.    "I think this could be a very important factor for U.S.semiconductor manufacturers," industry analyst Elliot Levine ofLadenburg Thalmann Co said.    But analyst Peck said, "it will take a few weeks to seewhether Japan has genuinely cut production."    He said Japanese manufactures were likely to view MITI'srequest unfavorably because chip capacity was still high andproduction cut backs would lead to significant write-offs inplant and equipment. Reuter&#3;