The record 4.9 billion dlrs rise in U.K.Reserves in May to a total 34.7 billion has lifted hopes for afurther cut in bank base lending rates after the June 11general election, market analysts said.    Sterling would have risen on the much better than expectednumber but for market nerves about the poll outcome, they said.    But the weight of foreign currency and gold reserves nowavailable to the authorities to support the pound should curbany market tendency to panic if U.K. Opinion polls show theruling Conservative Party's lead slipping, they added.    "We have been intervening to a very much greater extent thanwe have done hitherto," Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawsonsaid at a news conference today, commenting on the news of therecord reserves rise.    He put the U.K. Intervention in the context of the Louvreaccord between leading industrial nations to stabilise thedollar, partly through direct intervention on foreignexchanges. "We have been playing a very full part ourselves," hesaid.    But market analysts see the recent upward pressure onsterling, and consequent need for official sales to damp downits rise, more in the light of local factors.    Steven Bell, chief economist at Morgan Grenfell Securities,said that corporate money has been flowing back into Britainamid hopes of another Conservative government, after fears lastautumn of a Labour election victory sent it flooding out.    U.K. Portfolio investment is also returning, while foreignbuyers see U.K. Growth propects and high bond yields asattractive. They will be strong buyers of U.K. Assets, notablyequities, once the election is out of the way, Bell said.    Analysts see this pressure as the main hope for lowerinterest rates, as the government is expected to try to reversethe loss of export competitiveness caused by a strong pound.    Today, however, the pound hardly moved on the reservesnews, dipping on its trade-weighted index against a basket ofcurrencies from 73.1 pct of its 1975 value at 1000 GMT to 73.0pct at 1100 GMT, half an hour after the figures were released.    "The market doesn't want to do anything because of theelection," commented an economist at a big U.S. Investment bank.    Several dealers and analysts added that market forecasts ofa rise in reserves of between one and three billion dlrs hadoverestimated the amount of pound sales that were likely tohave been disguised by swap arrangements or transactions on theforward market.    The market also seemed to have overestimated the amount ofsterling the Bank of England bought at the end of May to smooththe pound's sudden downturn, while some of the interventionreported in May probably occurred in April, they said.    The key three months interbank money market rates easedabout 1/8 point, reflecting cautious hopes that the downtrendin U.K. Interest rates will be revived following the reservesnews, analysts said.    Government bond prices initially firmed, but the market wasmuted as traders worried about the funding implications ofanother huge rise in reserves, they added.    Morgan Grenfell's Bell forecast a half point base rate cutfrom the current nine pct level soon after the election, solong as poll projections of another Conservative victory proveaccurate, with another half point later.    Justin Silverton, equity economist at Credit SuisseBuckmaster and Moore, said a full point reduction might bepossible. "Sterling will be held down by interest rate cuts infuture, rather than this active intervention," he predicted.    Kevin Boakes of Greenwell Montagu Gilt-Edged cautionedagainst over-optimistic forecasts, but agreed a half point cutlooked likely.    A cut before the election has been virtually ruled out.    "The Bank (of England) is both worried about the politicalproblem of cutting rates during an election campaign ... Andhas signalled some worry about broad money (growth)," said RobinMarshall, chief U.K. Economist at Chase Manhattan Securities.    He said the 10 billion dlrs increase in total reserves inthe past seven months may foreshadow full U.K. Entry into theEuropean Monetary System.    But Bell said the authorities would like to see another 10or 15 billion dlrs in the reserves before joining, if they didso. But, unlike many analysts, he doubted the U.K. Will go in. REUTER&#3;