Today's U.K. Economic data have pushedthe chances of another base lending rate cut from the currentnine pct further into the distance, analysts said.    A record fall in unemployment and good manufacturingproduction data showed that the economy is still strong anddoes not need a fillip from lower rates.    News that underlying earnings are rising 7.75 pct annually,taken together with higher than expected bank lending and moneysupply growth, revived inflation worries and monetaristarguments against easier credit, they said.    "The timetable on lower interest rates is being pushed backall the while. The strength of the economy and broad moneygrowth are making it more difficult to see one in the nearterm," said Chase Manhattan Securities economist Robin Marshall.    Analysts have reached this conclusion despite yesterday'smortgage rate cuts for new borrowers, which building societiessaid were a sign of the expected near term trend for U.K.Rates.    It also counters the optimistic forecasts of last week thata post-general election cut was imminent, supported by suchoptimistic economic news as May's record reserves rise whichmirrored the Bank of England efforts to cap sterling'sstrength.    The gilt market lost nearly half a point as enthusiasmabout May's 64,300 fall in the seasonally adjusted unemploymentrate, to 2.95 mln or 10.6 pct of the workforce, was rapidlyreplaced by dismay at the continued high level of underlyingaverage earnings in April, dealers said.    The upset was compounded by news that sterling bank lendingrose 2.7 billion stg in May, above forecast, and that the Bankof England looks likely to have to sell more gilts to offsetthe impact on domestic money supply of its currentintervention.    "The gilt market reaction was correct," said Bill Martin,chief U.K. Economist at brokers Phillips and Drew.    "That's very important ... It shows the economy in a verygood state indeed," Skeoch said.    "There's no reason to get worries about inflationarypressures because they're very subdued." Unit wage cost riseswere better than expected, just one pct higher in the year toApril, and it was these costs rather than average earningswhich were potentially inflationary, he added.    "I don't think these average earnings numbers are a majorproblem," agreed Chase Manhattan's Marshall.    But he said the gilts market was likely to remain worriedabout the funding implications of recent intervention.    He said the inflow of foreign money into sterling assetsearlier this year, attracted by growth prospects and hopes thatthe ruling Conservatives would win last week's election, nowlooks likely to prevent a base rate cut as the authorities tryto prevent these funds swelling the domestic money system.    However, David Owen, U.K. Economist at Kleinwort GrievesonSecurities, said any fresh sterling strength would stilltrigger a base rate cut and that today's figures did not signalhigher inflation this year.    "Wage increases are being offset by productivity growth. Aslong as that continues we're okay," he added. REUTER&#3;