First City Bancorporation's sale of 54mln dlrs in oil loans to Prudential-Bache should significantlyreduce its energy problems, but the bank's losses are stillvirtually guaranteed to continue, analysts said.    The package of energy loans was sold at book value, soFirst City did not to show a gain or loss, said bank spokesmanJames Day. He added it was possible First City would sell moreof the bank's remaining 1.4 billion dlrs in oil-related loansto raise cash.    The loans had been made by First City to oil producers andto oilfield service and supply companies. Day said some hadalready been classified as nonperforming, or charged off as aloss, but he could not identify how many were included in thosecategories.    The loans were purchased by Prudential Bache's EnergyGrowth Fund, a limited partnership created last month with 90mln dlrs in funding to invest in oil and gas properties.    First City, the big Texas bank hit hardest by the downturnin oil prices, lost a record 402 mln dlrs in fiscal year 1986and has said it is seeking a merger partner or some othercapital assistance. The Houston-based bank's nonperformingassets totaled 897.1 mln dlrs at yearend, up from 563.1 mlndlrs at the end of 1985    Analysts have said no buyer is likely to be interested inthe troubled bank unless government assistance is available.    "Their problems are not just limited to energy. They have asubstantial portfolio in real estate. This sale in and ofitself won't make the company look better to a potentialbuyer," said Ray Archibold, a banking analyst with McCarthy,Crisanti and Maffei Inc.    "It does reduce the bank's exposure in energy loans and 54mln dlrs is a substantial amount," Archibold said, "but thedeal represents only about four pct of their energy loans."    Of First City's total loan portfolio of 9.9 mln dlrs, about14 pct or 1.4 billion dlrs were made to energy producers orsuppliers, analysts said. Its record losses have been caused byits past status as one of the nation's top lenders to oil andgas producers and suppliers during the boom days of the late1970s and early 1980s.    First City said about half of the loans sold to Prudentialcame from its Energy Finance Co., an entity formed in 1982 toloan money to "more venturesome" oil borrowers that promised ahigher potential return. The other half of the loans were fromFirst City's lead bank in Houston.    Chris Kotowski, an analyst with Oppenheimer and Co., saidthe sale of the package of energy loans was the firstencouraging news from First City in months.    "It's not going to solve all of First City's problems butit's a good transaction for them. It may be possible for themto sell additional loans," Kotowski said. "Prudential can fundthese things more cheaply than First City and there's anincentive to invest in troubled energy companies right now asvalues are depressed"    In a statement, First City chairman J.A. Elkins said thebank's strategy was to reduce the proportion of energy loans tototal loans. "This move, which we believe is the firsttransaction of its kind, helps us further, and we were able tomake it without suffering a loss." Reuter&#3;