Since British Airways was sold to thepublic by the British government, airline analysts have beguncovering the big carrier and giving it good reviews.    "Analysts are picking up British Airways because it's amajor airline, and because they have fewer companies to workwith after all the mergers," said Merrill Lynch analyst EdmundGreenslet. "Two years ago there were enough U.S. carriers, butnow more analysts are adding the international airlines."    Merrill Lynch, for instance, will be covering it from itsinternational offices, he said.    British Airways was sold to the public by the Conservativegovernment in February.    It has a fleet of 167 jetliners, making it the largest inEurope. A relatively small portion of revenue and traffic comesfrom intra-U.K. operations, and its predominantly long-haulroute network spans the globe.    Julius Maldutis at Salomon Brothers said he likes BritishAirways because it can quickly redeploy jets to strong marketsor away from weak ones, as it did last year in response to thesevere downturn in North Atlantic traffic after the Chernobylnuclear disaster and terrorist actions.    "Because of its diverse network, it has the ability tohedge or mitigate adverse developments in one particular area,"Maldutis said.    He said British Airways should outperform the rest of thestock market. Salomon was an underwriter for the company'spublic offering in February.    About 6.3 mln British Airways' American depositary receiptsare traded on the NYSE, and 2.8 mln ADRs on the Torontoexchange. Each ADR equals 10 ordinary shares.    Louis Marckesano at Janney Montgomery Scott said BritishAirways near-term outlook is good. "We're looking for goodtraffic growth and improved revenues," he said.    "British Airways should be riding a good wave," he said."Its fiscal year began April one, so when you think of all thetroubles it experienced in the first half of last year,especially in the North Atlantic market, you know allcamparisons should be nice."    At March 31 the carrier had total debt of 279 mln stg for adebt-to-equity ratio of 33 pct, which is very good for anairline, analysts said.    "Its balance sheet is very conservative - perhaps tooconservative for an airline - but that means it can borrow toexpand its fleet," Marckesano said.    British Airways has been a leading force of airlineliberalization in Europe, which is being gradually implementedto avoid the problems of U.S. airline deregulation, whichbrought years of unstable fares and losses.    Analysts agree a phased-in deregulation will greatlybenefit British Airways over the long run because it is thelargest European carrier.    Analysts caution that British Airways faces increasingcompetition for travelers to Europe from U.S. carriers asairline consolidation here expands route networks.    In 1983, for instance, about 69 pct of U.K.-boundpassengers transferred to European carriers after arriving atU.S. gateway airports onboard U.S. carriers.    But U.S. carriers are retaining more of their passengers,and this year about 30 pct of U.K.-bound travelers are expectedto switch to a European carrier to complete the trip, accordingto British Airways' chief executive officer, Colin Marshall.    "British Airways had a greater shot at picking up trafficwhen it was funneled to New York," said Marckesano "Now,traffic is being captured earlier by U.S. carriers as it leavesAtlanta, Dallas and other cities," said Marckesano.    He also said that British Airways' first-half results mightmislead an investor into gauging full-year results because itsfiscal year begins April one.    "Profits build in the first half. But if an investor justdoubles that figure, he'll be making a big mistake," he said. Reuter&#3;