Norway's stock exchange has touched recordlevels, propelled by higher oil prices and foreign buyinginterest. But analysts say the bullish trend probably will notlast. Tight restrictions on foreign ownership of shares haveheld back development on the market, they say. While some ofthese rules could soon be eased, Norway's unresolved economicwoes mean the prices boom is likely to be short-lived.    Last Thursday, the all-share index reached 325.48 points tobeat the previous record of 325.31 set in mid-November, 1985.    Brokers say the new record, spurred by firmer oil pricesabove 18 dlrs a barrel which are crucial to Norway's economy,has for now set the Oslo bourse apart from the currentfluctuations on other world stock markets.    "It's an underdeveloped market...Virgin territory ," JennyTora, a Scandinavian securities analyst with London-basedstockbrokers James Capel, told Reuters.    But the attraction for foreign investors of the stockmarket, where price/earnings ratios average around a relativelylow 11, is tempered by restrictions and some nervousness aboutthe future of Norway's economy, analysts say.    Foreign ownerhsip is limited in all sectors and variesbetween 10 and 40 pct of the shares of any company - and theclass of shares rarely carry voting rights.    "It's often hard to get stocks as the quotas are full," Torasaid. "There can be problems of liquidity in the market. You canget into the market, but perhaps not get out."    Analysts said this meant that foreign interest had beenrestricted mostly to professional trading rather than clientbuying, and that the market missed some speculative impetus.    There are also no stock options, and bonds cannot be heldby foreigners in Norwegian securities trading.    Thor Bang, chief economist at Den Norske Creditbank A/S,Norway's biggest bank, said he thought the stocks boom hadlittle foundation in Norway's economic situation.    "One of the factors (in the rise) is a belief in...Politicalstability," he told Oslo's business daily, Dagens Naeringsliv.    The minority Labour government has looked increasinglystable since it came to power in May, 1986, with the formerright-centrist coalition in disarray.    But stock market analysts say continued economic problemscould soon jeopardise the bourse's bull trend, in spite of theappreciation of the crown against the dollar.    Although firming oil prices mean better news for Norway,Western Europe's biggest oil producer after Britain, analystspoint to high interest rates, uncertainty over the future priceof oil and a weighty current account balance of paymentsdeficit as threats to the bourse.    Interest rates stand at around 14 pct, while annualinflation is 10 pct. The current account balance of paymentsdeficit stood at 32.8 billion crowns last year, against asurplus of 26.8 billion crowns in 1985.    "I'd be very cautious about present stock levels," ChrisHonnor of London-based brokers Grieveson Grant said.    The record-breaking performance last Thursday meant thatthe all-share index had increased by 16 pct from the start of1987.    On Friday the index leapt another 7.78 points to 333.26.But analysts noted this was largely due to much better thanexpected profits in the first quarter from Norsk Hydro,Norway's largest diversified corporation.    Foreign investors, spurred by the appreciating crown andthe rise in oil prices, have been more prominent in the marketthis year, although they still trade selectively mainly inNorsk Hydro, Norsk Data and a few other top-traded industrials.    Earlier this month the government proposed allowing theshare of foreign ownerhsip permitted in financial institutionsto rise in a bid to boost competition. Depending on thecircumstances, the share foreign owners can have will rise from10 pct to between 15 and 25 pct.    Saga Petroleum, Norway's largest fully private oil company,has also said it will seek government permission to boostpermitted foreign share ownerhsip to 40 pct from the present 20pct. Saga shares have registered some of the strongest gains onthe bourse because of the move, adding more than 60 pct totheir value so far this year. REUTER&#3;