Many London equity dealers doubt whetherthe much publicised flood of Japanese investment into the U.K.Equity market will be as large as some analysts have forecast.    There has recently been much speculation that the Japanesewould look towards the U.K. Stock market for investmentopportunities on a much larger scale when the new fiscal yearbegins next month. Last October's reorganisation of the stockmarket, known as 'Big Bang', paved the way for greaterparticipation by overseas investors.    Some analysts believe the Japanese have earmarked massivesums for investment in Europe.    Both the London and Tokyo markets have moved ahead stronglysince the start of this year. But London has lagged behind inreal terms and therefore is now beginning to look like giving abetter return on any funds that are reserved for equityinvestment. Sterling's firmness also means there are profits tobe made from the currency turn. However, many equity dealerspolled by Reuters think that the Japanese will shy away fromLondon and continue to invest in instruments such as U.S.Government securities.    Even if they do diversify from their old stamping groundsthey will head for the U.S. Equity market before they come tothe European stock markets, one dealer predicted.    "The Japanese, although very aggressive in markets that theyknow, tend to be more conservative in those they don't...Evenif they do come to London in a big way they would tend to gomore for the fixed interest gilt edged market rather than themore volatile equities," he added.    He also cited the forthcoming U.K. General election asanother factor in keeping Far Eastern money out of the Londonstock market.    "The Japanese do not like too much uncertainty and a generalelection creates just the kind that will keep them on thesidelines," one trader said.    There are also doubts whether the Japanese would find thetrack records of U.K. Companies strong enough to make themwilling to invest heavily. "Our industrial and manufacturingoutput may be looking better, but it must still look prettyuninspiring to the Japanese," one broker said.    Some market participants, however, are a little morebullish and do expect more, although not a massive amount, ofFar Eastern funds to come to London in the short term.    They point out that capital gains on U.S. Bonds, a marketin which the Japanese are traditionally heavy players, havebeen eroded because of the fall in the U.S. Dollar and thiscould prompt them to move funds out of the U.S. But even thosewho are mildly bullish concede that Japanese investors on theLondon exchange would almost certainly confine themselves tolonger term investment in 10 or 15 leading 'blue chip' issues,which may include industrial giants such as ICI, Hanson Trust,British Petroleum, Glaxo and Unilever.    One analyst said he believed if there was such investmentin blue chip issues, recently privatised companies such asBritish Gas and British Telecom could be left out in the cold.    He said that with an election coming up, overseas investorswould be worried that a Labour victory would bring a policy ofre-nationalisation of such companies. The Labour party has inthe past said it would do this.    Some of the recent rise in U.K. Equities has anticipated anincrease in Japanese buying in the near future. Reuter&#3;