Farm-state senators indicated theymay broaden a Farm Credit System rescue package to include aidfor borrowers from private lenders such as commercial banks, aswell as the farm credit system.    Sen. David Boren, D-Okla., chairman of the SenateAgriculture subcommittee responsible for farm credit, saidlegislation to rescue the financially-troubled system shouldprovide help to borrowers from all lenders to agriculture.    "We must provide some form of interest rate buydown,principal reduction relief for all eligible farmers andranchers regardless of their lending institution," Boren said.    Boren's statement received bipartisan support from Sen.James McClure, R-Idaho, who agreed that the aid package shouldcover all lenders to agriculture.    The comments by Senators of both parties, plus endorsementsfor the across-the-board approach from the nation's largestfarm organization, the American Farm Bureau Federation, andfrom the system itself, appeared to significantly broaden thefocus of the rescue legislation for the farm credit system.Until now, agriculture officials had focused exclusively on howto resurrect the failing system.    Boren said borrowers from private lenders such ascommercial banks and life insurance companies must be includedin the aid package because "it would not be fair to addressonly the problems of Farm Credit System borrowers."    However, Boren and other proponents of an across-the-boardinterest rate or principal buydown did not say how much thebroad approach would cost.    But Neil Harl, professor of economics at Iowa StateUniversity told the hearing the cost could be in the range of3.5 billion dlrs annually.    By trying to draw into the farm credit rescue package allfarm borrowers, Boren and other Senators appeared to bereacting to pressure from private lenders and their borrowers,who fear they will be put at a competitive disadvantage by thegovernment rescue of the farm credit system and its borrowers.    The farm credit system is the nation's largest lender toagriculture with 39 pct of all farm real estate loans, butprivate lenders account for nearly a quarter of loans onfarmland and 34 pct of farm operating loans, official figuresshow.    The American Bankers Association, in testimony to thehearing, warned the farm credit rescue should not be structuredto favor the system over other lenders.    As one way to meet the concern of private lenders, severalSenators, the farm credit system, and farm organizationsendorsed creation of a secondary market on farm real estateloans, called "aggie mae", which is sought by private lenders.    "We are also exploring the possibility of including in thefarm credit bill, the establishment of a secondary market foragricultural loans that would be available to all lenders,"Sen. Boren said. Reuter&#3;