Financial Corp of America, inreporting a third quarter loss, said gains on the sale of loansand mortgage-backed securities, which has been the company'smain source of profit during the past two years, fell to 12.4mln dlrs as compared to a 93.4 mln in the third quarter lastyear.    It said the income was reduced by adverse interest ratefluctuations during the quarter.    The company also said it made an additional provision of70.4 mln dlrs to its reserve for losses on loans and realestate, compared with 76.2 mln dlrs a year ago.    Financial Corp said its reserve totaled 1.00 billion dlrsat September 30, 1987, compared with a total of 580.4 mln atthe same time a year ago.    Financial Corp, the nation's largest thrift, reported athird quarter loss of 75.8 mln dlrs, or 2.20 dlrs per share,compared with an 11.6 mln dlr profit last year.    At the end of the quarter scheduled items, or non- orunder-performing assets, were 1.34 billion dlrs, or 4.01 pct oftotal regulatory assets, down from 1.77 billion, or 5.20 pct ofassets at the end of the 1986 third quarter, the company said.    In reporting third quarter results the company also saidits highest priority is to raise capital and strengthen itsfinancial base.    "We are responsible to our shareholders and therefore areexploring several alternatives for achieving value whileraising capital.    "Any proposal to acquire or restructure the company will beviewed by management from this perspective," Financial Corpchairman William Popejoy said in a statement.    Last month Financial Corp executives and Federal Home LoanBank Board members met to discuss a restructuring of FCA, withhelp from the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp, as apossible solution to the company's financial difficulties.    In addition, Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> First Nationwide FinancialCorp, has acknowledged that it is interested in acquiring thecompany.    Financial Corp has said it needs about one billion dlrs tobring its regulatory net worth up to Federal Governmentrequirements.    In  addition, Financial Corp said its real estate groupsold properties totaling 154.8 mln dlrs in book value beforereserves during the quarter and 435.5 mln dlrs of real estatefor the nine months to September 30.    The company also said it had a net deposit decrease of415.4 mln dlrs during the quarter, resulting mainly frominstitutional deposits reacting to the company's pricingstrategy and to its efforts to manage the cost of funds. Reuter&#3;