Malaysia is to urge fellow tinproducing countries to contribute more money towards researchinto new uses for the metal, Malaysian primary industriesminister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in an interview.    Lim, in Brussels on a tour of Europe and America, said hehad instructed Malaysia's representatives on the executivecommittee of the Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC,to draw up a paper on the matter.    Lim earlier met European Community farm commissioner FransAndriessen and industry commissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes.    He said though it now appeared likely Commission proposalsfor a tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats would bedefeated, he feared the Commission would revive the idea.    Lim noted Andriessen this week promised that if the tax wasadopted and third countries suffered export losses as a result,they would be compensated through access to the EC foralternative exports.    "Since most of our products are commodity based, I cannotsee how this would work out in our case," Lim said.    Malaysian palm oil exports to the EC are worth about 250mln dlrs a year.    The tin research proposal would be presented at an ATPCmeeting to be held in Kuala Lumpur in September.    "Not enough research and development effort has been put inby tin producers and we have been pushed out by substitutessuch as aluminium, paper and plastics," Lim said.    He mentioned the use of inorganic tin in pesticides as anexciting possible new application.    Lim said he could not estimate the amount of extra moneywhich needed to be spent on research into new uses before thenew paper was produced.    He said Narjes told him there appeared no fundamentalbarriers to EC states quickly ratifying the new InternationalRubber Agreement, INRA, although translations of the accordinto some EC languages are still being awaited.    Lim, who will sign and ratify the agreement on Malaysia'sbehalf when he visits New York during his current tour, said itwas important there should not be a long "interregnum" betweenthe old agreement lapsing in October and the new one cominginto force.    He described the present accord as a model for commodityagreements due to its being signed by nearly all producing andconsuming countries and by virtue of its review systems andcontrol over buffer stock management. Reuter&#3;