As official Washington sought torestore investor confidence after Monday's Wall Streetcollapse, Treasury Secretary James Baker came under fire fromcritics who claimed he helped to precipitate the crisis.    Baker's weekend blast at the West German Bundesbank forboosting interest rates seemed to signal an unraveling of aninternational accord to stabilize currency values.    Nigel Lawson, British Chancellor of the Exchequer, wasamong those who said the treasury secretary's statements helpedspur a wave of stock sales by making already jittery investorsthink that a clash between the two major economic powers woulddamage the world economy.    Lawson told a London television interviewer Tuesday, "Ithink the scale of the (stock) fall was very great. That, Ithink, was partly due to statements that have been made bysenior figures on the other side of the Atlantic." It was adispute that should never have happened, he added.    Although Baker appeared to patch over the rift at ahastily-called meeting with West German officials Monday, he  still faced a storm of criticism on his return to the UnitedStates on Tuesday. Baker cut short a long-planned trip toScandinavia to return here to deal with the economic crisis.    Said one U.S. analyst of Baker's weekend remarks, "Histiming could not have been worse."    One government bond salesman in New York said, "He actuallythought that yelling at the Germans, and threatening to smackthe dollar down would work. That doesn't show muchunderstanding of international monetary gamesmanship."    However, some analysts said West Germany's stubborn marchtoward higher interest rates may have forced Baker's hand.    "On the surface Baker may look responsible for this, but ifyou go back to see what caused it (unsettling of financialmarkets), it was West German policy," said Robert Brusca ofNikko Securities International in New York.    "All Mr. Baker did was to mention the obvious in public, somaking him responsible for it was a little like killing themessenger," he said.    After Monday's talks, the U.S. and West German governmentsmade it clear that the Louvre currency accord, pieced togetherin Paris in February, was still in effect.    Wall Street feared that collapse of the agreement might bea prelude to hyper-inflation and economic malaise similar tothe late 1970s. Analysts believe Monday's Wall Street crashwiped out about 500 billion dlrs in stock values.   Treasury sources said that Baker, already unhappy aboutBonn's refusal to stimulate its economy in order to keep theglobal recovery moving, was angered by a Bundesbank interestrate boost that seemed destined to do just the opposite.    He felt that the U.S. recovery, inching along in its 59thmonth, could no longer be the only engine of global economicexpansion. A growing U.S. economy has been serving as a hugemarket for debtor country exports.    Moreover, Baker, the consummate politician, was worriedthat the Republican party might face next year's presidentialelection with its main showpiece -- a vibrant economy -- badlytarnished.    A rise in global interest rates might worsen the debtcrisis and completely choke off U.S. economic growth that hasalready slowed to a tepid 3.2 pct annual rate.    "There's no doubt that it can have an adverse effect on theeconomy, and it's important that the psychology turn aroundquickly, or else obviously the panic will feed on itself, andeventually there'll be a serious price to pay economically,"former deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman said in atelevision interview.    In many ways, the official response was mild.    Washington was stunned by the sudden Wall Street retreat,with President Reagan speaking for most people by admittingthat he was "puzzled."    U.S. government sources said the secretary immediatelyreturned to the Treasury to be briefed on market developmentsand, presumably, their political impact.    For all of this, it seems unlikely that Baker's status inWashington will diminish because of the market fall.    Asked by reporters if somebody's head should roll becauseof the Wall Street retreat, Texas Democratic Senator LloydBentsen said with some irony, "Oh, I think it's much too late tobe doing that...You have an administration that's taken theattitude that we can put the country on automatic pilot and ---retire to the living room to take a nap. You just can't dothat." Reuter&#3;