Saudi Arabia has speeded up reform ofits financial system with a package of measures designed toboost the economy and open up the Kingdom to the lucrativeworld of investment banking.    Bankers in Saudi Arabia detect a fundamental shift inpolicy stemming from a need to tackle the underlyingcontradiction between an Islamic legal framework and westernbanking system.    One senior banker in Jeddah said: "There is a new windblowing... Saudi Arabia is moving on many fronts in a mannerthat is extraordinarily aggressive."    The speed of reform, begun last year but now gatheringpace, has surprised bankers who have had to contend with afinancial system that restricted internationalisation of theriyal and a religious court system that made debt collectingdifficult.    Saudi banks, once the most profitable in the world, havegenerally reported falling profits for 1986 -- the fourthsuccessive year of decline -- as loan loss provisions ate intoalready dwindling earnings.    Bankers say the Saudi Finance Ministry and Saudi ArabianMonetary Agency (SAMA) seem to have developed a new strategyalthough it remains to be seen how it will be implemented.    Reform started in 1986 with measures to boost previouslydormant stock trading, but took off in earnest this year.    -- From January 1, SAMA liberalised the money market,giving banks greater access to liquidity aid via repurchaseagreements.    -- From March 22, the Finance Ministry abolishedwithholding tax on funds borrowed by Saudi banks abroad.    -- From the same date, banks were notified of a newcommittee to be set up under the auspices of SAMA to hear bankdisputes with creditors over non-payment of loans.    -- Also from the same date, banks were allowed to usemortgages as collateral for lending, banned since 1981.    -- Within a few weeks, the Kingdom's first stock markettrading floor is expected to be opened.    Housed in central Riyadh in the building of the SaudiIndustrial Development Fund, the floor will initially be usedto trade shares on an auction system. Staff from each of the 11commercial banks have been trained ahead of the launch and anew computer network has been set up.    One banker said: "The abolition of withholding tax will givebanks the opportunity to participate in new instruments such asinterest rate or currency swaps. At last SAMA and the FinanceMinistry are opening up markets for investment banking."    Bankers say Saudi authorities appear to have been shockedinto reform by pressure from banks and alarm at bank reluctanceto extend further loans to the private sector.    Banks have lobbied hard for change, arguing that thereligious, or Sharia, legal framework was inconsistent with theKingdom's western banking system and made it nigh impossiblefor them to collect interest on bad loans through the courts.    As a result, many banks had virtually stopped new lending,but found themselves cut off from world investment banking by aseries of restrictions. Withholding tax made it punitivelyexpensive to take part in interest rate or currency swaps.    The private sector's frustration at the virtual standstillin bank lending overflowed at a businessmen's conference in themountain resort in Abha last month and some powerful merchantfamilies also called for change, bankers said.    "Banks lobbied hard and had the ultimate weapon to forcechange -- they stopped lending," another banker said. "That wasstifling growth of the economy."    It is still unclear whether the new committee that will beset up to hear bank disputes with creditors will prove any moreefficient than another non-Sharia system already in force, theCommittees for the Settlement of Commercial Disputes (CSCDs).    Some bankers believe the new committee, yet to be formed,will simply delay pending cases and force banks into a seriesof private deals with creditors.    Nor is it clear what stance the new committee will take oninterest payments, generally not recognised under Islamic law.    But other bankers say the move is clear recognition by SAMAand the Finance Ministry that Sharia courts and the CSCDs werenot the correct bodies for hearing bank disputes.    Other reforms have been taken or are in the pipeline.Finance Minister Mohammed Ali Abal-Khail said in March that anew body would examine late government payments to contractors.    In addition, further moves are under way to align businesslife to the Gregorian calendar year, with companies being urgedto adopt it as their financial year.    A black list of borrowers, started more than two years agoby banks, has recently been effectively sanctioned by SAMA,bankers say.    Banks are now not permitted to lend or engage in securitiestransactions with any party on the list. REUTER&#3;