European sugar beet plantings areexpected to show little change from last year, despite recentfirmness in world prices, analysts and industry sources said.    A Reuter survey of planting intentions showed that while,so far, European Community (EC) growers plan unchanged to lowerareas, increases are expected in some Eastern European nations.    Trade analysts said their private reports give similarresults and do not differ significantly from the first estimateof stagnant 1987 European beet plantings made last week by WestGerman sugar statistician F. O. Licht.    Areas may be slightly lower but analysts and agriculturalexperts said the steady rise in yields resulting from improvedseed varieties and better farming techniques could offset this.In recent years, good autumn weather has given yields a lateboost, making up for lower areas despite some disappointingstarts to growing seasons.    Changes in EC areas reflect the extent to which producerswill grow so-called "C" sugar for unsubsidised sale to the worldmarket. This is what is produced in excess of the basic areaneeded to meet the EC "A" and "B" quotas, which receive full andpartial price support, respectively.    Some analysts said the open row that broke out last weekbetween producers and the EC commission over its export policycould have serious implications for future sugar output.    Beet producers have threatened to effectively dump nearlyone mln tonnes of white sugar into EC intervention stocks asthey feel export subsidies have been too low to compensate forthe gap between high EC internal and low world market prices.    However, with the EC budget stretched to breaking point,this could give treasury ministers extra resolve in resistinghigher guaranteed sugar prices and build a case for a futurecut in the basic "A" and "B" quotas, they added.    In France, the largest producer of EC quota and non quotasugar, the sugar market intervention board FIRS said firstplanting intentions indicate an area about the same as lastyear's 421,000 hectares, nine pct below the previous year.    "The basic trend is towards stability," a FIRS spokesmansaid. Unlike world market raw sugar prices in dollars, whitesugar French franc prices are not particularly high and are notencouraging higher planting levels, he said. Beet sugar outputlast year was 3.37 mln tonnes, with an average yield of 8.00tonnes per ha, the highest in the EC apart from the Netherlandsbut below 8.52 the previous year and a five year average 8.11.    In West Germany, recent price rises have not altered plans,since planting decisions were taken a few months ago, industrysources said. The farm ministry said a December survey is stillvalid and plantings should be cut slightly after being trimmedby just under four pct in 1986 when yields were above average.    Licht last week estimated West German plantings at areduced 385,000 hectares against 399,000 last year.    British Sugar Plc, the monopoly beet processor, has signedup U.K. Farmers to grow 8.1 mln tonnes of beet. This shouldyield about 1.25 mln tonnes of whites. Last year's cropequalled the second highest ever at 1.32 mln tonnes.    British Sugar has "A" and "B" quotas totalling 1.144 mln tonnesof whites and its "C" output is due to improved yields from moreconsistent disease-resistant seed types.    Recent price rises have not altered Polish plans, WincentyNowicki, a deputy director of Cukropol, the Amalgamated SugarIndustry Enterprises, said. World prices are still below Polishproduction costs and there is no way to convince farmers toincrease the area above the already signed contracted level.    The national plan, set before prices began to rise, putplantings this year at 460,000 hectares, against 425,000 in1986, Nowicki said. Last year production was 1.74 mln tonnes.    World prices have less impact in Italy than in France orGermany as it is traditionally not an exporter but is geared tothe domestic market, an official at the national beet growers'association said. Italian sowings are not yet complete butsurveys suggest a drop from last year's 270,000 ha, especiallyin the north where some farmers have switched to soya.    Beet output last season of 15.5 mln tonnes yielded a higherthan expected 1.72 mln tonnes of white sugar.    Dutch plantings are expected to fall to 130,000 ha from arecord 137,600 in 1986 as a new self-imposed quota system comesinto force, a spokesman for Centrale Suiker, the second largestDutch sugar processor, said.    The new system aims for an average of around 915,000 tonnesof white sugar and to cut output of "C" sugar. Last year, theNetherlands produced a record 1.2 mln tonnes of white sugaragainst a combined "A" and "B" quota of only 872,000 tonnes.    "The world price of sugar would have to rise much higherthan it has done recently to make planned production of "C" sugarreally worthwhile," the spokesman said.    Western agricultural experts in Moscow said Soviet plantingintentions are likely to be unchanged. Licht put this year'sSoviet beet area at 3.40 mln ha, against 3.44 mln last year.    Hungary is expanding its beet area to 105,000 ha from some95,000 in 1986, the official MTI news agency said, butdiplomats said policy is to balance supply with domesticdemand.    The Spanish ministry of agriculture said beet sowings areestimated unchanged at 180,000 ha this year.    A spokesman for Denmark's largest beet concern, De DanskeSukkerfabrikker A/S, said its 1987 sugar target was unchangedfrom 1986 at 365,000 tonnes from a steady area of 60,000 ha.    In Sweden, where beet is grown just to meet domesticdemand, the planted area is seen little changed at 51,000 haagainst 51,300 last year, according to a spokesman for sugarcompany Svenska Sockerfabriks AB.    Last year, Irish yields were the lowest for 10 years due tolate sowings and the state-run Irish Sugar Plc said the 1987plantings target is the equivalent of 36,400 hectares, downfrom 37,600 in 1986. REUTER&#3;