Puma AG Rudolf Dassler Sport &lt;PUMA.F> saidit posted a 1987 first-half group loss of about 14 mln marks,of which the largest portion was in the U.S.    Managing board chairman Armin Dassler told the annualshareholders' meeting parent company turnover was expected tofall to 650 mln marks over the whole year from 698.4 mln in1986.    No comparative figure for 1986 first half group loss wasavailable. In the whole of 1986 Puma posted a groupconsolidated loss of 41.05 mln marks.    Dassler said Puma hoped to improve performance in the U.S.This year, where heavy losses were mainly responsible for the1986 deficit.    He said Puma expected to post a group loss in the secondhalf of this year but the shortfall would be lower than in thefirst half. The same applied to expected parent company losses,he added.    Dassler said Puma had taken measures to improve futureperformance.    Dassler said the measures included changing Puma's  product range, closing down some unprofitable factories in WestGermany and France and introducing general cost-cutting.    He said Puma hoped to break even in 1988 in the U.S., Itsmost important export market.    Dassler said a personal payment he would make toshareholders instead of a 1986 dividend was a goodwill gesturewhich would not be repeated.    Dassler said the payment to holders of Puma's 280,000non-voting preference shares would amount to about 1.2 mlnmarks, or 4.50 marks per share.    Armin Dassler and his brother Gerd hold all of Puma's720,000 ordinary voting shares. They offered the preferenceshares to the public in July last year.    Dassler said shareholders would benefit if Puma improvedperformance next year. He did not elaborate.    Dassler said he and his brother were planning to leave themanaging board and join the supervisory board.    He said he was leaving for health reasons and because hewanted to make way for a new chairman from outside the company.His successor has not been made known yet.    Dassler said today's meeting was expected to approveManfred Emcke as Puma's new supervisory board chairman,replacing Vinzenz Grothgar. REUTER&#3;