Sweden's Wallenberg group fought backa bid by the London-based Swedish financier Erik Penser tosecure a large stake in Swedish Match &lt;SMBS ST>, one of thecompanies at the core of their business empire.    A statement issued by the Wallenberg holding companies ABInvestor and Forvaltnings AB Providentia said they had takenover an option held by Nobel Industrier Sweden AB to acquire 33pct of the voting rights in Swedish Match.    Thre Wallenbergs paid Nobel Industrier &lt;NOBL ST>, in whichPenser group has a 72 pct stake, about 20 pct over the marketprice for the Swedish Match option, the statement said.    Swedish Match's B shares open to foreign buyers closed at424 crowns on Friday. The A shares -- with increased votingrights -- closed at 450 crowns for the restricted and 455 forthe free shares.    The statement said the deal increased Investor's stake to49.4 pct of the voting rights and 14.8 pct of the share capitalwhile Providentia is left holding 34.1 pct of the voting rightsand 14.5 pct of the share capital in Swedish Match.    The Wallenbergs' stake in Swedish Match had previouslyamounted to 52 pct of the voting rights in the company.    The Swedish Match deal will cost the Wallenbergs about 400mln crowns, share analysts said, making it one of the mostexpensise moves the group has undertaken in the last four yearsto defend its far-flung interests from outside predators.    The Wallenbergs originally sold Nobel Industrier, an armsand chemicals group, to Penser in 1984 to pay for buying Volvo&lt;VOLV ST> out of two other key group companies, Atlas Copco&lt;ASTS ST> and Stora Koppabergs &lt;SKPS ST>.    Since then, the Wallenbergs were ousted as the largestshareholders in SKF (SKFR ST> by Skanska AB &lt;SKBS ST> andFrederik Lundberg wrested control of Incentive AB from them.    Lundberg, a Zurich-based Swedish property tycoon, alsomanaged to acquire a 25 pct stake in another Wallenbergcompany, the diary equipment firm Alfa -Laval AB &lt;ALFS ST>.    During 1986, the Wallenbergs have been concentrating onbuilding up their stake in Investor and Providentia to preventany raid on the heart of their business empire.    But analysts say the Wallenbergs' position in theelectrical engineering firm ASEA AB &lt;ASEA ST> is also too smallat 12.6 pct of the voting rights and there has been growingspeculation that the group will be forced to sell off fringeinterests to protect its core activities. REUTER&#3;