The Philippines' restructuring of 13.2billion dlrs of foreign debt will provide a welcome boost forthe economy, but last Friday's accord with the country's12-bank advisory committee does not imply an overnight boom,bankers and businessmen polled by Reuters said.    "The successful negotiations form an important piece in themosaic," Christian Roeher, Secretary-General of the EuropeanChamber of Commerce, said. "Now is really the time for thegovernment to start implementing its ideas. There has been alot of talking and loud thinking."    Business leaders said the 17-year rescheduling ofcommercial bank debt would give President Corazon Aquino somebadly-needed breathing space, but warned her government wasstill in the midst of political consolidation.    "There is a lot of interest among foreign investors in thecountry, but now they are waiting to see what happens in thecongressional and local elections later this year," saidAmerican Chamber of Commerce president George Drysdale.    The government is serious about getting down to work, butthere are many individual agendas for growth and no consensus.But each step brings a unanimity of opinion closer, he said.    Aurelio Periquet, President of the Philippine Chamber ofCommerce and Industry, told Reuters the debt accord hadpositively translated the international banking community'sconfidence in the country's economy and Aquino's government.    "This government needs less pressure and more time andhappily our creditors seem to see it that way," he said. "Thisaccord may not result in an immediate boom, but at least itenhances the image of the country for foreign investors."    But Periquet said domestic and foreign investments fellshort of targets in 1986. "The accord does not solve all ourproblems," he added.    Periquet said the question of political stability no longerworried Filipino businessmen, who had already started expandingexisting businesses or investing in new areas.    "A number of us have already put in new money and there areplans for the export market," he said. "President Aquino hasshown her ability to pull the nation out of one crisis afteranother."    Roeher said foreign investment would probably be held backuntil after the congressional polls in May and the localelections in August. "The two elections will probably have amore decisive effect on the way business reacts," he said.    "Some foreign companies are not waiting, but they are morethe exception than the rule," Roeher said.    He said it was important the government ensure the creationof more jobs was not just a transitory development.    "The absorption of enormous aid given to the Philippines isalso poor. A lot of it has not been put to use. The governmentshould act without further delay to absorb the 1.7 billion dlrsof development aid it will receive in 1987," he said.    A foreign banker close to the debt negotiations said he didnot foresee any real boom until 1989.    "The problem is that Aquino has inherited her politicalsystem from (former President Ferdinand) Marcos," the bankersaid. "There is still a clamour for the sharing of benefits,different sectors claiming their rights and duties. If they gotoo fast there could be another bust two years down the road."    Businessman Raul Concepcion, whose brother Jose is thecountry's trade and industry minister, said everyone couldheave a sigh of relief. "Now that the debt agreement is out ofthe way, our economic and financial officials can concentrateon their work, like increasing government revenue andefficiency," he said. REUTER&#3;