German banking authorities areweighing rules for banks' off-balance sheet activities in anattempt to cope with the growing volume of sophisticatedcapital market instruments, banking sources said.    Interest rate and currency swaps and currency options areunder closest scrutiny, and if revisions are made they mayresemble regulation jointly proposed by the U.S. And U.K. ToJapan. Juergen Becker, director of the Bundesbank's division ofbanking law and credit supervision, said the U.S.-Britishproposals were interesting, but declined to elaborate.    But banking sources said West Germany was more likely toproduce its own conclusions than to adopt foreign proposals.    "There is no formal plan yet, but talks are in the latterstages," one representative of the German Banking Association inCologne said. Bankers expect rule changes this year.    All alterations must be approved by the Bundesbank, WestGermany's four major banking associations and the FederalBanking Supervisory Office.    Talks have been slowed by the fact that fundamental changeswould require a revision of Germany's credit law, which hasbeen in effect since 1934.    Authorities favour reinterpreting the credit law to fitpresent circumstances in order to avoid the long parliamentarypolitical process of changing it, banking sources said.    Since the beginning of 1984 the banking law has limitedbanks' lending to 18 times shareholders' equity plus reserves,on a consolidated basis.    But lending ratios do not extend to several newerinstruments such as spot and forward currency contracts,currency and interest swaps, commercial paper programs,currency options, interest rate futures in foreign currenciesand various innovative types of interest rate hedges.    The sources said the main value of the U.S.-U.K. Proposalslay in differentiating between different types of risk factor,and, for instance, in placing greater weight on currency swapsthan interest swaps. But even if German banking authoritiesagree with some of the assessments of swaps, they disagree onhow to find balance sheet equivalents for the risk.    U.S.-British proposals include a complicated series offormulae for assessing the stream of payments involved inswaps, whose ultimate risk is borne by the financialintermediary, especially when counterparties remain anonymous.This is the so-called market-to-market value.    But German authorities are likely to consider this much toocomplex and to base their evaluation instead on a schedule oflending ratings assigned according to the creditworthiness ofthe borrowers involved, the sources said.    The weightings, also likely if lending ratios are extendedto include banks' securities portfolios, are zero for publicauthorities, 20 pct for domestic banks, 50 pct for foreignbanks and 100 pct for other foreign and non-bank borrowers.    A further complication is that the more flexibledefinitions of equity allowed in the U.S. And the U.K. May putGerman banks at a competitive disadvantage, the sources said.    Stricter definitions here also mean the use of a version ofthe U.S.-U.K. Proposals could far exceed the intent of the U.S.And British authorities, the sources said.    One specialist for Dresdner Bank AG said a long-datedforeign exchange forward transaction could, for instance, bebrought under the same rule as a cross-currency swap, despitethe fact that the risk may be entirely different.    How new regulations will affect foreign banks here wasuncertain. Many have converted to full subsidiary status andapplied for a full banking licence over the last two years inorder to lead-manage mark eurobonds.    But as their equity capital is fairly small, tight lendingratios will severely hamper foreign banks' freedom of movement,particularly in the growing business of currency swaps, if theyare required to include more transactions in the balance sheet,the sources added. REUTER&#3;