New Irish Prime Minister CharlesHaughey, faced with a debt-ridden economy, will have to producea harsh budget next week to impress financial markets, appeasepolitical opponents and maintain his tenuous hold on power,analysts said.    For Haughey, who failed to win an overall majority in lastmonth's election, only scraped back into power when the speakerin parliament stepped in with his casting vote to decide a tiedvote on who would be the next Prime Minister.    Heading a minority government and faced with a stagnanteconomy weighed down by debt, he has little room for manoeuvre.    The national debt has now reached 24.3 billion punts --10,000 dlrs for every man, woman and child on the island andper capita three times the size of Mexico's.    Its 19 pct unemployment rate is one of the highest in theEuropean Community and 30,000 youngsters emigrate every year.The 58 pct income tax level could hardly be raised again.    Haughey, declining to be tied down on specifics, promisedon the election trail to get Ireland out of the debt trap withan annual growth rate of 2.5 pct, compared to central bankpredictions of 1.5 pct. Jobs were his top priority, he said.    For his crucial first budget, Haughey has ruled out anyincrease in the level of government borrowing and forecast"widespread cutbacks with severe restrictions right across theboard."    Finance Minister Ray MacSharry also stressed that some ofthe 187,000 civil service jobs must go to trim Ireland's annualpublic wages bill of 2.84 billion punts.    "The big question now is to what extent he will grasp thenettle and cut in next Tuesday's budget," said Kevin Barry,economist with National and City Brokers.    "You have to cut the Exchequer Borrowing Recquirement (EBR)substantially and swiftly. He has to do it now," Barry said.    Noting that last year's EBR was 2.145 billion punts, hesaid "Two billion would be good news. The markets are alreadytaking the view it is going to be tough."    "He has absolutely no room to maneouvre. He cannot spend tostimulate the economy. I don't see any good news in theshort-term."    But he, like other analysts, rules out a debt-servicingcrisis that would mean calling in the International MonetaryFund (IMF). "It's too easy to borrow aboard," he added.    The steady rise of sterling, the currency of one ofIreland's main trading partners, has been a boost to Irishexporters with the country recording a 31 mln punt tradesurplus in February, the 10th surplus in a row.    Political uncertainty is not a major factor for the puntbecause the main political parties are all essentiallyconservative with no major economic policy switches expected.    New Fine Gael leader Alan Dukes, who replaced ousted PrimeMinister Garret Fitzgerald at the head of the main oppositionparty, has pledged to back Haughey's budget if, as expected, hegets tough.    Haughey is four short of an overall majority and would haveto rely on the support of independent deputies if all fouropposition parties united to vote against him.    But in today's climate of economic austerity, fewpoliticians would risk returning to the polls so soon andHaughey could cling to power for at least another two years ifhe brings in a belt-tightening budget next week, politicalcommentators say.    The debt-laden economy is the great national preoccupation,pushing firmly into the background for now Haughey's ultimatedream of a united Ireland with the British out of the north.    H.J. Heinz chairman Tony O'Reilly, one of the mostsuccessful Irishmen in international business, stressed theneed for a frontal attack on the national debt, arguing "many ofour children have lost faith in the future."    "Were there to be an uptick in world interest rates or aprecipitous decline in our parities, the effect on our economyand on the provision of services by our government would becatastrophic," he said.    This island of 3.5 mln people has been living beyond itsmeans with a state spending spree on welfare benefits thatcould not be financed by economic growth. REUTER&#3;