Dart Group &lt;DARTA> is likely seeking tobuy Supermarkets General &lt;SGL>, analysts said.    "There's been rumors that they've taken a position in thecompany, said Wood Gundie analyst Edward Comeau.    Last year, Dart Group, owner of Auto Trak INc and CrownBooks, competed against Kohlberg, Kravis to acquire SafewayStores INc.    The company later reached an accord under which it wouldbuy 20 pct of the company after Kohlberg Kravis completed itsleveraged buyout of the company.    The company later sold its 20 pct stock for about 180 mlnto 200 mln dlrs, according to analysts.     Dart Group Corp was not immediately available for comment.    Jerry Ballan, analyst with Conner Ballan division of EdwardViner and Co, said, "They &lt;Dart> has been rumored to be buyingsome other supermarkets as well, such as Stop and Shop."    "My guess is that Supermarkets General does not want to bebought out," said Ballan.    Analysts, however, said Supermarkets General is facingproblems due to its Purity Supreme and Rickels operations,which might make it difficult to thwart a bid.    Supermarkets General is expected to report about 1.70 dlrsa share compared to a 1.73 dlrs a share reported for 1985 on apost stock split basis.    For the first quarter, Comeau predicts the company willearn 39 cts a share from 35 cts a share a year ago, and shouldearn about 2.05 dlrs for 1987.    "But that estimation could go to a 1.80 dlrs easily, due toPurity Supreme in New England," Comeau said.    He said competition among supermarkets is getting heated inthat area and that the company has had difficulty withintegrating Purity Supreme with its Pathmark store operations.    Rickels, a home center business, has faced problems due tothe state of that industry, and has reported lower returns asan operating unit, according to analysts.    Analysts said that if Dart buys Supermarkets General itwould probably divest the company's operations.    Analyst Comeau said "supermarkets general may seek acombination with another supermarket company."&#3;