Hungary is to embark on a new series ofausterity measures to tackle a budget deficit which tripledlast year after quadrupling in 1985.    The target deficit in the 1987 budget approved byParliament last December was 43.8 billion forints.    But Zoltan Boesze, chief of the Finance Ministry's budgetfinancing division, told Reuters the government now saw this astoo high and had decided "quite severe" measures were needed.    "All the organizations of economic management have beencharged with elaborating further (savings) measures," he said.    Asked if these measures were being taken under pressurefrom the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Boesze said: "TheFund suggested it would be good to improve monetary results,and of course the Fund would support these efforts."    IMF teams spent several weeks in Budapest late last year.    Boesze said preliminary figures showed that Hungary's statebudget deficit rose to a preliminary 47 billion forints lastyear from 15.8 billion in 1985 and 3.7 billion in 1984.    The economy overshot a target deficit of 23 billion forintsbecause of poor performance by state firms, which neededsubsidies and tax incentives to export and earn hard currency.    The exact extent and nature of savings are still underdiscussion but subsidies to state enterprises -- the largestbudget item -- must definitely fall, Boesze said.    Subsidies to state firms, including grants to maintain lowconsumer prices, exceeded the plan by nine billion to reach 164billion forints in 1986, up from 152.9 billion in 1985.Parliament approved 1987 subsidies of 170 billion forints.    "I think that in 1987 it is quite impossible to keep up theformer situation and we will be obliged to reduce subsidies,"Boesze said. "The central administration must be hard. ... If weare not hard then we will not be successful."    Boesze said the budget could also make savings from reserveprovisions of two billion forints for central expenditure and800 mln forints for transfers to local authorities. "I believethese reserves should not be used at all," he said.    Wage growth last year outstripped that of gross domesticproduct, which expanded one pct instead of a planned 2.5 pct.    The authorities had already signalled a small fall in realwages for 1987, but Boesze said firms will suffer severe taxpenalties if they award nominal rises of over one or two pct.    This would mean a severe cut in living standards, as retailprice inflation is forecast at seven pct after 5.3 pct in 1986.    A four-month basic wage freeze expires on April 1.    About 40 pct of the 1986 subsidies to state enterprises and33 pct in 1985 were made to maintain low consumer prices.    Boesze said pure economic policy would dictate significantcuts in price subsidies, but that social considerations madethis difficult.    But he added: "I think ultimately we will be able to makecurtailments in subsidies in this area as well."    He said Hungary plans to introduce price reform at thebeginning of 1988 at the same time as personal taxation andvalue added tax. The IMF supports these aims.    Hungary introduced a bankrupcty law last September in anattempt to shake out surplus labour from inefficient firms.    Between 100,000 and 150,000 workers are expected to beunemployed at least temporarily by 1990. Labour discipline isbeing tightened and firms may fire workers more easily.    Boesze said the per capita employment tax paid to the stateby firms was being raised this year to encourage enterprises toshed labour. He gave no exact figures.    Istvan Nagy, a senior Finance Ministry official responsiblefor drafting the bankrupcy law, told Reuters last year he hopedthe law would cut state subsidies to enterprises by 50 pct.    After subsidies to state enterprises, the largest singlebudget items are social insurance (153 billion forints approvedfor 1987) and transfers to local councils (80 billion).    Interest payments on international debt are set to rise tomore than 10 billion forints in 1987 from between six and sevenbillion in 1986, Boesze said.    Hungary's net hard currency debt leapt by 54 pct last yearto 7.7 billion dlrs, according to provisional figures, whiletrade with Western countries plunged into a deficit of morethan 400 mln dlrs from a 1.2 billion dlr surplus just two yearsearlier.    Boesze said last year's budget deficit was financed 90 pctby credits from the National Bank, mostly from abroad, and 10pct by the issue of domestic state bonds.    Deputy Prime Minister Frigyes Berecz told Hungarianeconomists in a speech this month that the country's economywas in a "very difficult" situation, but not in crisis.    There would have to be a turnround with tangible resultsthis year, however, and borrowing must be used moreeffectively.    "Any rise in our present loans may prove to be dangerous,"Berecz said. REUTER&#3;