Uganda's state-run Coffee MarketingBoard (CMB) has been suffering a cash crisis for the past twomonths due to a bottleneck in export shipments andadministrative delays in handling payments, trade sources said.    The CMB needs between 10 and 15 billion shillings (theequivalent of seven to 10 mln dlrs) to pay farmers andprocessors for coffee already delivered, but its present exportrevenue is insufficient to cover such expenditure, they said.    The board's cash crisis has serious implications for theeconomy as a whole, since coffee accounts for 95 pct ofUganda's total exports.    The CMB's financial difficulties first started in Januaryfollowing delays in rail-freighting export consignments ofcoffee to the ports of Mombasa, Dar es Salaam and Tanga.    These delays were caused by a shortage of railway wagons inUganda and bottlenecks on the ferries which transport Ugandanwagons across Lake Victoria to link up with the Kenyan andTanzanian railway systems, the sources said    Marketing Minister John Sebaana-Kizito publiclyacknowledged on February 19 that the CMB had run up arrears tolocal suppliers as a result of the shortage of transport formoving exports.    Sebaana-Kizito said at the time that the payments squeezewould be resolved in two weeks.    However, an accident to the rail ferry which plies betweenthe Ugandan lake port of Jinja and Kisumu in Kenya put it outof action between February 21 and March 15, causing freshdelays in cargo movements.    Coffee exports are especially sensitive to the disruptionof rail transport since president Yoweri Museveni has bannedtheir haulage by road in a drive to save transport costs.    Transport difficulties meant that by early February the CMBwas holding unsold coffee stocks of around 750,000 bags.    These stocks were equivalent to one quarter of Uganda'sexpected three mln 60-kilo bag 1986/87 (October-September)crop, the sources said.    According to the sources, the board's financial problemshave been aggravated by long delays in processing exportreceipts.    The coffee board was taking about eight weeks to recycleexport receipts into payments to local producers, whereasexport bills handled by local banks took half that time toprocess, they said.    The sources said the CMB's price structure had beenovertaken by Uganda's high inflation rate, unofficiallyestimated at about 200 pct, and that this was a furtherdisincentive to producers, already owed large arrears.    "The coffee pricing structure is wrong and three monthsbehind, the foreign exchange rate is unrealistic, and thesooner the so-called economic package is put in top gear, thebetter for the coffee industry and the economy as a whole," oneof the sources said.    The government is currently negotiating a package ofeconomic reforms with the World Bank and International MonetaryFund aimed at underpinning a renewed inflow of foreign aid tohelp Uganda's economic recovery after 15 years of politicalstrife. REUTER&#3;