Hong Kong's government has long keptintervention in the economy to a minimum in the belief thatwhen it comes to business, businessmen generally know best.    But the government is slowly being forced to take a moreactive economic role, partly to face the challenge from fastgrowing economies like South Korea and Taiwan and economicpowerhouse Japan, businessmen said.    The government announced this month it will spend six mlnH.K. Dlrs over the next two years to encourage electronicsfirms to send engineers for training overseas.    The engineers will learn design of application specificintegrated circuits (ASIC) used in products ranging frompersonal computers to high-technology toys that talk.    The government has funded vocational training before butthis will be its first such program aimed at bringing backadvanced technology from overseas.    Government officials told Reuters that other areas in theelectronics sector are being considered for similar treatment.    Hong Kong's key electronics industry last year accountedfor exports of 61 billion H.K. Dlrs, though the total includessales of electrical machinery and other items.    Officials said that this key sector, second only totextiles in terms of exports, needs high technologies alreadyavailable in neighbouring economies if it is to compete.    "Belatedly, we realize there are some technologies whichcan't be taught here," said K.Y. Yeung, Director of Industry.    A study by U.S. Research firm Dataquest Inc last yearshowed that Hong Kong's share of U.S. Consumer electronicimports had fallen to 3.5 pct in 1985 from 6.4 pct in 1983.    South Korea, Taiwan and Japan all take a more active rolein guiding economic development and policy makers are worriedthat perhaps some assistance -- albeit limited -- is needed.    "This is perceived to be an area of development for HongKong," said Lawrence Mills, director-general of the Federationof Hong Kong Industries. "Many industrialists think governmentshould be more actively concerned with this area."    Hong Kong likes to call its policy "positivenon-intervention," meaning that it helps industry mainly bymaintaining economic stability and ensuring that needed roadsand harbour facilities are in place.    It offers no special tax incentives for foreign investors,believing that its low corporate profits tax of 18 pct andpersonal income tax of 16.5 pct are sufficient.    But the government has been forced to gradually take a moreactive role in the economy. In the last three years it hasstepped in to aid seven problem banks, taking over three ofthem, to protect depositors whose funds were not insured.    It has also expanded the powers of its banking andsecurities commissions to police these key economic sectors.    Industry officials said manufacturers need help acquiringexpensive new technology, especially when returns on investmentare years away. "This is only a small start but it will helpmake this technology more readily available," said an engineerwith a major U.S. Electronics firm in Hong Kong.    Texas Instruments Inc &lt;TXN> and Motorola Inc &lt;MOT> of theU.S. And Japan's Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T> already conduct ASICdesign work in Hong Kong, while a handful of firms havecommitted funds for capital-intensive production.    Under the industry department program, companies would befunded to train engineers overseas but those employees would berequired to apply their new skills locally for an as yetunspecified period.    "We want to promote ASIC design and eventually production inHong Kong," said Yeung of the Industry Department.    Some industrialists said it will take more than a trainingprogram to keep electronics manufacturers competitive in theyears ahead. Government officials said most manufacturers inthe industry are small scale, employing fewer than 100 people.    These firms will not be able to afford expensive technologydevelopment programs, industry officials said.    The program has raised concerns that government may one dayveer too far from its policy of minimal intervention. "They'vereached the right decision," said Mills of the Federation ofIndustries. "But the fear (among some firms) is it might be aslippery slope towards interference." REUTER&#3;