London's rise as a trading centre forU.S. Government debt has been spurred by the increasing use ofinterest rate swaps, which are now arranged for most new issuesin the eurobond markets, traders and analysts said.    Indeed, eurobond traders estimate that about 80 pct of allnew debt issued here last year -- over 186 billion dlrs worth-- was part of either an interest rate or currency swap.    "The U.S. Treasuries market here is swap-driven," said DavidJones, vice president at Goldman Sachs and Co international andhead of its U.S. Government bond trading desk.    "It is commonplace to have trades of 100 mln dlrs or more in10-years, seven years or five years, all related to an interestrate swap or hedging of a eurobond deal," Jones said at a recentconference on the U.S. Treasuries market.    Just a year or so ago, he said, trades of that size goingthrough brokers screens in London were unthinkable.    Traders said that over the past two weeks, while trading inU.S. Treasuries has been almost frozen by indecision over thedirection of interest rates, swap-related deals have providedthe sole source of new business.    Dealers said that last week, a 260 mln dlr trade involvingtwo and 10-year Treasuries was transacted on brokers' screens.    The trade, they said, was swap related.    There are no firm figures on exactly how much U.S. Treasurydebt is traded here and estimates vary widely.    But Wrightson Economics, a U.S.-based research firm whichdrew its data from U.S. Treasury reports, estimated that grosstransactions in U.S. Government securities in London rose to341 billion dlrs in the first nine months of 1986 alone,against 188 billion in all of 1985.    Wrightson estimates that about 20 pct of all U.S. Treasurytrading is transacted outside the U.S., With Tokyo forming thethird major centre.    And while figures are not yet available for the lastquarter, the anecdotal evidence suggests that the trendcontinued, traders say.    Richard Lacy, chief executive at Exco International, putaverage daily Treasuries trading volume in London at about 15billion dlrs. Exco recently purchased an 80 pct interest in RMJSecurities inc, one of the four major brokers in U.S.Government bonds which has offices in London, New York andTokyo.    But Dick Van Splinter, president of RMJ's competitor,Fundamental Brokers Inc's London operations, estimates averagedaily turnover is no more than four to five billion dlrs.    But even at the low range of estimates, Treasuries tradingvolume is at least equal to that in the U.K.'s own governmentbonds, known as gilts.     Jeremy Ford, vice president at Bankers Trust InternationalLtd, explained that U.S. Treasuries are used by intermediariesin swap transactions to lock in the "spread," the differencebetween the interest rate the borrower has to pay and the ratethat the counterparty is obliged to pay.    But even beyond swap-related activity, dealers said thenature of trading in London has changed.    "The interesting thing our figures show is the transition inLondon from a marketing effort to a trading effort," said LouisCrandall, an economist at Wrightson who has been collecting thedata.    Crandall said that previously, firms' activities werelimited to trying to sell U.S. Securities to Europeaninvestors. Now, however, they appear increasingly willing actas principal in transactions rather than acting on behalf oftheir New York offices.    Increasingly, traders say, firms maintain separate profitand loss sheets for their London operations so that tradingdecisions can be made independently from the U.S. Headquarters.    Many of the major U.S. Firms, including Merrill Lynch andCo, Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc and Chemical Bank trade fortheir own accounts here.    Also, traders point out, the number of U.S. Firms operatingin London has increased sharply over the past year, as has thenumber of European and Asian banks which trade U.S. Governmentsecurities.    Within the past few months, NationalWestminster Bank Plc's County Bank subsidiary and Swiss BankCorp have applied to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York tobecome primary dealers in U.S. Government securities and theirLondon offices have just recently received direct-dealingbrokers screens.    And Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, already a primary dealer, ispreparing to open a U.S. Treasuries trading desk in London.    Dick Van Splinter, president of Fundamental Brokers Inc,the largest of the four major government bond brokers here,said he now has 45 firms using direct-dealing screens, up from35 a year ago. REUTER&#3;