Malaysia's recovery from the worstrecession in 20 years should receive a boost on Friday when thegovernment announces a reflationary budget for calendar 1988after seven years of austerity, economists said.    "Our country is walking on one leg now," said Ismail Salleh,an economist with the Institute of Strategic and InternationalStudies. "It has to depend on public sector investment forfaster growth if the private sector is not moving."    Gross domestic product grew one pct in 1986 after shrinkingone pct in 1985. The fiscal year ends December 31.    The government has said it expects 1987 growth to be undertwo pct but some analysts believe it will be nearer three pctbecause prices for commodity exports have risen sharply.Malaysia is a leading exporter of rubber, palm oil, tin andsemiconductors and a major producer of cocoa, timber and oil.    The government slashed development spending to 9.8 billionringgit this year from 14.5 billion in 1986.    Economists said unemployment is expected to exceed 10 pctin 1988 against about 9.5 pct this year.    Local investment also has stagnated, with businessmenblaming inconsistent economic policies and lack of incentives.    One businessman said too many politicians give theimpression that Malaysia was unstable.    "If we can take care of investment confidence, the potentialto recover strongly is great," a banker said.    Malaysia's 1987 current account is expected to be in theblack with the Central Bank projecting a 500 mln ringgitsurplus compared with last year's 1.2 billion ringgit deficit.    The government has said its fiscal policies will balancethe budget by 1989. The deficit in 1986 was 952 mln ringgit.    The government will also repay some of its external debt,which stood at 51 billion ringgit at the end of 1986.    Political leaders have said the budget will not hurtordinary people as taxes on basic food and other essentialgoods are unlikely to change.    Businessmen said they hope the government also will cut thecorporate tax, now between 45 and 48 pct, to enable Malaysia tocompete for investors with neighbouring states. REUTER&#3;