A proposed buyout of Taft BroadcastingCo by Dudley Taft and other investors includes a plan to sellthe company's Entertainment Group, according to one of theinvestors.    Jonathan Nelson, managing director of Narragansett CapitalCorp &lt;NARR>, which is participating in the buyout plan,declined to say if buyers have already been lined up for theEntertainment Group. "We are considering selling the group,"Nelson said. Wall Street analysts said any of the Hollywoodfilm studios which might be interested.    Taft Broadcasting Co did not comment on the 145 dlr pershare offer. Taft has 9.2 mln shares outstanding, of which 12pct are owned by the Taft and Ingalls families.    Dudley Taft relinquished the title of president in July butcontinues as vice chairman of the company.    Taft-Narragansett requsted a response to its proposal byMarch 12.    If the plan is accepted, Taft would be a private companyfinanced by high yield bonds and bank debt, Nelson said.Narragansett is an investment management company specializingin leveraged buyout transactions.    Taft shares climbed 19 to 151-1/2, causing arbitrageurs tosay investors believe the bidders may raise their price.    Robert M. Bass, who controls 25 pct of the stock, andAmerican Financial Corp, holder of 15 pct, did not returntelephohe calls seeking comment.    But Dennis McAlpine, analyst at Oppenheimer and Co, said "Idon't think it's worth 150 dlrs." He noted Taft recently agreedto sell a group of independent television stations at a loss.He said the entertainment group, which includes theHanna-Barbara animation studios, is currently hampered by aglut of animated product.    Taft Broadcasting has never commented on reports that itsmajor stockholders met recently to discuss a break-up of thecompany.    MacAlpine said there are lots of options for reshaping thecompany with a distribution of various pieces to the majorshareholders among the possibilities.    Analyst Alan Gottesman of L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg TowbinInc said the Bass group has been increasing its stake in thebelief the company would be worth more with a change in itsstrategy. He said Bass pushed for sale of the independenttelevision stations because the company paid too much. Reuter&#3;