Plunging Tokyo stock prices will preventthe Bank of Japan from raising its discount rate and could evenforce it to ease monetary policy if the collapse continues,government and private economists said.    A rise in interest rates now would only serve to sparkfurther selling of shares that could ultimately have a majordeflationary impact on the real economy, they said.    Although Bank of Japan officials have consistentlymaintained that they had no plans to raise the 2.5 pct discountrate, many in the markets have thought otherwise.     Fears of a rise in the discount rate were fanned by thecentral bank's apparent decision last week to countenancehigher rates on commercial bills, dealers said.    But today's stock market collapse -- prices fell nearly 15pct -- means that the Bank of Japan would be hard pressed toraise the discount rate now, despite its concerns about arenewed outbreak of inflation, dealers and economists said.    Japanese government bond prices rose sharply today as themarkets concluded that the stock market's collapse precludedthe central bank from carrying out the widely-rumoured discountrate increase.    A senior government economist suggested that both the U.S.And Japan needed to ease monetary policy now to prevent afurther drop in New York and Tokyo stock prices. "They need tosupport the stock and security markets," he said.    But Bank of Japan officials said they saw no need to changepolicy for the moment, although one admitted that the centralbank may have to rethink its strategy if Tokyo stock pricescontinue to plunge during the rest of the week.    Both government and Bank of Japan economists agreed theeconomy is better placed now to cope with the deflationaryimpact of plunging stock prices than it was a few months ago.    With the economy recovering strongly, the steep drop instock prices is not likely to put a major dent in consumer andbusiness confidence, one government economist said.    "There will be some impact on the real economy, but it won'tbe that big," said another.    Individuals are not heavily invested in stocks on theirown, although they do participate through trust funds and otherinvestment vehicles. And while many manufacturing firms turnedto financial market investments for profits during last year'seconomic downturn, the recent rebound has allowed them torefocus their attention on their core businesses, he said.    Paradoxically, it is the pick-up in the economy that ispartly to blame for the stock market collapse as companies haveshifted funds away from financial investments to increaseinventories and step up capital spending, one governmenteconomist said.    In deciding what response to make to the steep stock pricedrop, the Bank of Japan must first determine whether priceswill continue to fall further and then decide if they pose agreater economic danger than the threat of higher inflation,one central bank official said. "That will at least take acouple of days, if not weeks," he said. REUTER&#3;