Flooding in the Red River on theTexas/Oklahoma border has shut down the Basin Pipeline, a24-inch pipeline that transports as much as 300,000 barrels perday of sweet and sour crudes from Texas to Cushing, Okla, aTexaco Pipeline Co spokesman confirmed.    "The water is rushing by so fast that we can't get anydivers down to assess the damage but there is some possibilitythat the pipeline could be up by the end of the week," a companysource said.    The pipeline transmits roughly two-thirds sour crude andone-third sweet crude oil from the Midland, Texas region.    Texaco sources said that if the pipeline service isrestored by Friday there would be little problem in restoringoil which has been lost to the flood.    "But if the pipeline is down more than 10 days it will bedifficult to make up without prorationing and we would not liketo proration this pipeline, if we don't have to."    The Basin Pipeline is jointly owned by Atlantic RichfieldCorp &lt;ARC>, Shell Oil Co, a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch/ShellGroup &lt;RD> and Texaco Inc &lt;TX>, which is the pipeline'soperator.     Peter Beutel, analyst at Elders Futures Inc, said crudeoil futures contracts on New York Mercantile Exchange rose tonew highs this afternoon following news of the pipeline break.    July crude futures of West Texas Intermediate traded up to19.60 dlrs a barrel, a rise of more than 20 cts.    Cash market prices also firmed on the news with sellers ofWTI raising offers to 19.60 dlrs a barrel.    Sour crudes, which would be most affected by the pipelineshutdown, however, were slow to react to the news with WestTexas Sour and Alaska North Slope holding 50 cts to one dlr abarrel below WTI, respectively.    Dan Stevens, manager of public and government affairs atTexaco, said the company hopes to fix the pipeline in five daysbut that will depend on when the water level of the Red Riverrecedes. There is already evidence that the water level isdropping and it appears the rain has stopped in the areaaffecting the pipeline, Stevens said.    He said the segment of the pipeline that was damaged wasunderground and at a distance from the Red River that flooded.The pipeline runs over the Red River and under the subsoilnearby, according to Stevens. He said some of this subsoil wasapparently washed away.       The potential for environmental damage is being downplayedat this time despite the volume of oil that runs through thisline.    Texaco's Stevens said that aerial surveillance has notfound any crude on the water in the river or in Lake Texoma,which is nearby. Reuter&#3;