Paul Volcker's departure as FederalReserve Board chairman came despite pleas from the Reaganadministration that he stay at the helm of the U.S. centralbank, U.S. officials said.    "The President made it very clear that he would be very,very pleased had the chairman's decision been otherwise,"Treasury Secretary James Baker said.    A Reagan administration official, who asked not to beidentified, said Baker too had urged Volcker repeatedly in thepast several months to consider staying on as chairman.    But there were no indications the administration had toldVolcker that it was in the national interest for him to stayand that current global economic uncertainties required it.    Associates of Volcker have assumed Volcker would only havestayed on in such circumstances. "He doesn't care a lot,emotionally, about a third term," Nikko Securities vice-chairmanStephen Alixrod, until last year a top Fed staffer, toldReuters recently.    Officials are confident that newly-nominated chairman AlanGreenspan will re-establish close working relations with Bakerand his credentials eventually will calm markets.    One Reagan administration economic policymaker, who askednot to be named, pointed out that Baker and Greenspan workedtogether closely in the Ford administration.    At the time, Baker was acting Secretary of Commerce andGreenspan headed the President's Council of Economic Advisers.    Reagan administration officials made clear, meanwhile, thatthe announcement, precipitated by Volcker's unshakeabledecision to quit, came in order to clear up uncertainty aheadof the Summit of leading industrial democracies in Venice.    President Reagan might have been in an embarrassingposition if no decision had been made by then.    Volcker enjoys the respect of most top economic officialsabroad, and is admired at the West German Bundesbank, and inTokyo, despite his criticism  of Japanese policies.    Financial markets, possibly reflecting some of thedisappointment in foreign capitals, drove the dollar sharplylower on news of his departure, prompting central bankintervention to stem the fall, dealers said.    Finance Ministries and central banks of the other summitnations -- Japan, West Germany, Britain, France, Italy andCanada -- were informed shortly before the news was announced,Baker told reporters today.    Monetary sources also said one reason Volcker decided toresign was his personal financial situation and his marriage -- his wife lives in New York and did not want him to take up asecond term in mid-1983.    Volcker has foregone potentially million-dollar salaries toa life almost overwhelmingly devoted to public service at payrates low relative to his financial commitments.    Both these reasons at one time prompted him to considerstepping down before his second term was completed.    But Volcker also hinted there might be more than personalreasons for his decision. "It was a personal decision, takingaccount of a lot of things, including purely personalconsiderations and others," he told reporters.    Fed sources note Volcker's considerable unease at the lackof progress by the administration in reaching a budget deficitreduction agreement.    In addition, Volcker would have faced four more years witha Board that he was less than comfortable with, monetarysources say. The other five members are Reagan appointees.    What may unsettle markets, however, is the fact that theFed governors now have only six to seven years' collectiveexperience between them, at a time of great financialuncertainty.    Analysts said that while Greenspan might well be consideredas tough an inflation-fighter as Volcker, his Republicancredentials could make him more of a political Fed chairmanthan Volcker.    An administration official said Volcker was consulted onGreenspan "and very much approved of his replacement."    But one analyst compared Greenspan's relationship to theadministration, to whom he has been an unofficial economicadviser, with the relationship former chairman Arthur Burns hadwith the Nixon administration.    Burns was somewhat more sympathetic to the administrationviewpoint than Volcker has been, and Burns was less willing tomake radical policy changes.    Making clear his decision was a strong one, Volcker toldreporters, "I told (Reagan) with considerable definitivenessyesterday." Administration officials said Volcker arrived at theWhite House yesterday afternoon with his resignation.    When renominated in mid-1983, Volcker said he wouldprobably step down within two years. Monetary sources said thedeparture of Donald Regan as Treasury Secretary was one factorthat convinced him to stay on. Regan and Volcker clashed almostfrom the start of the administration.    Another, these sources said, was the prospect of being ableto work with Baker as Treasury Secretary to tackle theinternational debt crisis and deal with the then high-flyingdollar. Reuter&#3;