Dutch brewer Heineken NV said it hopedto maintain for a number of years a similar earnings growth tothe 7.5 pct increase in net profit achieved in 1986, despitecontinuing investments in a reorganization program and effortsto extend world penetration.    Heineken last month reported a 1986 net profit of 285 mlnguilders, after 265 mln in 1985.    Chairman Freddie Heineken said the company, Europe'sleading beer producer with six pct of market share in 1986,said sales increased by 6.3 pct to 42.1 mln hectoliters.    The volume increase was due mainly to a rise in the U.S.,Where the brand Amstel Lite saw great demand, and in Europe,where sales accounted for 25.5 pct of the total.    Turnover, despite losses in guilder terms due to weakerforeign currencies, rose by 4.4 pct, to 6.7 billion guilders.    Further consolidation of foreign companies, including theincrease of its stake in leading Spanish brewery &lt;El AguilaS.A.> to 51.2 pct, new ventures and modernization, particularlyin French and Spanish interests, eroded profit margins. Thecompany still planned to invest 700 mln guilders this year inrestructuring and marketing, Heineken said.    Heineken's Spanish activities should start yielding profitnext year, Heineken said, adding that its French operations hadalready turned to profit after vast rationalization last year.    Vice Chairman Gerard van Schaik said the decision by theEuropean Court of Justice in Luxembourg to allow foreign beerinto the closed West German market -- Europe's biggest beermarket -- offered interesting possibilities for Heineken. "Wehave the beer, but distribution and sales is the importantpoint," van Schaik said, adding that since the ruling Heinekenhad been inundated by German traders seeking joint ventures.    "The question is not if we want to penetrate the Germanmarket, but how we are to do it," van Schaik said, adding thatwhile the widely traveled Germans seemed to be developing ataste for foreign beer, the internal structure was veryregionalized.     Heineken board member Hans Coebergh, responsible forAfrican operations, said he saw Africa as one of the mostimportant beer growth markets in the long term.     He said the company, present in Africa since 1932 and withmajority stakes in six breweries and interests in 25, washampered by the lack of hard currencies there.    Africa, where beer consumption averages only nine litersper head per year and sales are limited by import restrictionsand currency risks, nonetheless accounted for 6.5 pct of total1986 sales.    On-site production is rendered expensive by the high priceof imports of essential ingredients. But Heineken scientistshave been looking at other possibilities.    To balance the costs of imported malt, Heinken launched onthe Nigerian market a new beer made of 50 pct sorghum, whichhad sold successfully, Coebergh said.    Heineken is urging farmers to grow the traditional rawmaterials, but Coebergh noted that banana and palm beer werepopular in Rwanda . "This is a possibility, but we could notpossibly achieve the Heineken flavor," Coebergh said.    Chairman Heineken said the company's seven year efforts topenetrate the Soviet market had finally resulted this week in acontract that relaxed some of the restrictions they faced.    But again, a lack of hard currencies limited Heineken'smarket potential. Heineken now has seven bars in Moscow thatare enjoying good sales, but the bars only accept westernmoney. Reuter&#3;