Former Finance Minister Noboru Takeshita,chosen on Monday to be Japan's next prime minister, will face atough test in managing Japan's economy from the very start ofhis two-year term, economists and businessmen said.    Takeshita told a news conference on Tuesday that he woulddo his best to continue the domestic reforms and externalpolicies of Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone.    However, leading Japanese businessmen called on Takeshitato outdo Nakasone by showing stronger leadership.    "Takeshita should not merely follow the Nakasone policiesbut should cope with mounting economic issues with a new visionand policies," Takashi Ishihara, chairman of the Japan Committeefor Economic Development, said in a statement.    Economists generally agreed that there will be no majorchanges in Japan's economic policies under a new leader.    However, expectations are high among major industries fornew initiatives by Takeshita for immediate and effectivemeasures to solve economic problems such as trade friction withthe U.S., Administrative and tax reforms, and soaring landprices.    Eishiro Saito, chairman of the Federation of EconomicOrganisations (Keidanren), urged Takeshita to succeed inunifying the ruling Liberal Democratic Party as soon aspossible to tackle difficult tasks.    Regarding foreign economic polices, Yoshitoki Chino,chairman of the Japan Securities Dealers Association, saidTakeshita should come up with economic measures well beforeeconomic issues develop into problems.    Behind those calls on Takeshita for prompt action aredoubts about his capability in handling international issuesdue to his lack of experience in diplomacy, economists said.     Economists said foreign countries should be patient withTakeshita, who is widely known as an ultra-cautious politician.    Takeshita has repeatedly said, "There should be consensusbefore taking action."    Takeshita has so far failed to unveil specific measures toreduce Japan's huge trade surplus, economists said.    He has said Japan will continue to stimulate the economyand to open the market wider to foreign products. REUTER&#3;