The glitter of gold has generated athree-way competition among the world's largest futuresexchanges for a 100-ounce contract for the precious metal.    When the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) re-introducesgold futures trading here Tuesday (at 9 a.m. CDT), it will gotoe-to-toe in an uphill battle against the Commodity ExchangeInc. of New York (Comex), which brokerage executives describeas the world's precious metals futures capital forinstitutional business.    And by autumn, the oldest and biggest exchange, the ChicagoBoard of Trade (CBT), expects to join the fray when theCommodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) approves a pendingapplication for a 100-ounce gold contract to trade side-by-sidewith the CBT's smaller, one kilogram (about 2.5 U.S. pounds)gold futures.    The CME introduced a 100-ounce gold futures contract in1974, but lack of interest forced it to abandon the instrumentin July 1986.    CME officials said investors and brokerage firms asked theexchange to reintroduce the contract because of recentvolatility in precious metals. Other factors influencing thedecision may also have been clearing problems in May whichforced the Comex to shorten trading for three straight days inan effort to clear up a huge backlog of unresolved trades,especially in silver futures.    Comex's problems may now create a window of opportunity forother exchanges to successfully offer precious metalscontracts, industry sources say.    But it is much too early to predict whether other exchangescan inflict serious damage on the Comex' daily trading volumeof more than 40,000 contracts which represents commitments tobuy and sell gold of more than 2 billion dlrs.    While average daily trading in the CBT's smaller goldcontract, aimed at retail customers rather than institutions,was under 500 contracts per day throughout 1986, it hassurpassed 1,000 contracts daily for the past two months.    "The climate could not be better for this venture by theCME," said Merrill Lynch Commodity Marketing Vice President NeilMcGarrity.    "Everybody is talking about metals now, and interestingdaily trading ranges provide opportunities for bulls and bears.There's good trading volume in all world outlets," McGarrityadded.    "The Merc's gold futures would be insurance for dealers,merchants and customers that there would be a market open fortrading," if heavy gold or silver futures volume causes theComex to close early again, said Jack Lehman, senior vicepresident and director of commodities for Shearson Lehman Bros.Inc. and a Comex board member.    Delivery points vary for each exchange's 100-ounce goldfutures. Comex contracts are deliverable through New Yorkwarehouses while the CME contract specifies London deliverythrough a CME account at Samuel Montagu and Co. Ltd., a memberof the London gold market. The CBT gold application specifiesdelivery from New York and Chicago vaults.    The Comex and the CBT have applied to the CFTC for anearlier precious metals opening to match the CME's startingtime of 7:20 a.m. CDT. The exchanges said the earlier startallows for trading before many important government reports arereleased at 7:30 a.m. CDT.    CME marketing sources said arbitrage possibilities existwith side-by-side trading, noting local interests can begenerated by traders dealing in foreign currency and short-termdebt futures along with gold futures contracts to further hedgetheir financial risks.    "If the dollar rises, traders can sell currencies and buygold," said David Johnson, CME's manager of currency products.    The Chicago Board of Trade sees an extra advantage to goldtrading. "Given our night trading session, we could add eitherour pending 100-ounce gold or our existing 5,000-ounce silvercontract to attract overseas business," a CBT official said.    Which market is identified as the precious metal capitaldoes not appear to be a major issue among professionals.    "We've seen Chicago bring in a new constituency before, withperhaps different needs," Mocatta Metals Chairman Dr. HenryJarecki said.    "Merchants will go to the CME or anywhere to trade a liquidcontract. Our firm is no exception," Jarecki said.    "At worst, even if the CME gold futures fail, the Comex willbe under pressure to improve the integrity of its clearingprocesses," a CME official added. Reuter&#3;