The use of tariffs and quotas toreduce the flow of foreign goods into the United States will dolittle to cut the nation's swelling trade deficit, a governmentstudy said.    In fact, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) report said,such protectionist policies could make U.S. Products lesscompetitive in the world marketplace by raising the cost ofimported products that are re-exported in different forms.    "Such policies are much more likely to hurt, rather thanhelp, the productive capabilities of the U.S. Economy," it said.    The 218-page report, written by FTC economists John Hilkeand Philip Nelson, blamed the rising trade shortfall, whichclimbed to a record 166.3 billion dlrs last year, on shiftingcurrency exchange rates and growing U.S consumer demand.    Other factors commonly blamed for the deficit, such asforeign trade practices, deteriorating U.S. Industrialcompetitiveness, high labour costs and government restrictionson mergers, added little to the problem, it said.    "Although each industry's competitiveness affects the levelof imports and exports in that industry, in general we findthat there have been no significant industry-specific changesaffecting competitiveness that would explain the increase inthe overall trade deficit," the study said.    "To the extent any government action is needed to deal withthe trade deficits, policies should focus on economy-widephenomena such as exchange rates and relative economic growth,"the FTC study said.    Supporting its conclusion that broad-based economic shiftswere the cause of the increase in the trade deficit, the reportsaid it found that nearly all U.S. Industries lost somedomestic market share to foreign competitors in the 1980s.    It also said it found a "fairly direct relationship" betweenthe increased trade deficit and the influence of shiftingcurrency exchange rates, U.S. Economic growth and domesticdemand for goods and services, which has outpaced foreignconsumer demand.    The study examined seven factors which have been commonlyblamed for the trade deficit: foreign government subsidies andtrade barriers to protect foreign industries, a lack ofinvestment in U.S. Industry, declining research and developmentin U.S. Industry, high labour costs, union work rules, the oilprices rises of the 1970s and U.S. Antitrust regulations.    In each case, the study found little or no evidence thatthe factor had any impact on the trade deficit. REUTER&#3;