The Pentagon has stopped approvingany new military contracts to Japan's Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T>over a Toshiba subsidiary's transfer of submarine technology tothe Soviet Union, a senior defense official said.    "We are not approving any new contracts (with Toshiba)pending a satisfactory resolution of this entire matter," DeputyAssistant Defense Secretary Stephen Bryen told Reuters,confirming published reports on the matter.    The temporary ban, which Bryen said has been in effectunofficially since April, could cost Toshiba hundreds of mlnsof dlrs in electronics business with the Pentagon, including apending 100 mln dlr Air Force deal for small computers.    Bryen said the U.S. military services have not signed anycontracts with Toshiba since April, when publicity arose oversubsidiary Toshiba Machine Co's alleged sale to Moscow ofmilling machines which will grind silent submarine propellers.    The Japanese government has been investigating the case andit was previously reported that Toshiba Machine sold four largemilling machines to the Soviet Union in late 1983 or early 1984.    But Bryen told Reuters in an interview that the Pentagonhas now been informed by Japanese police that at least fourmore smaller machines capable of making such precisionpropellers were also sold to the Kremlin, apparently in 1984.    "There may be even more beyond that. I don't know yet," Bryensaid.    Toshiba is known to be seeking a U.S. Air Force contractfor 90,000 lap-top computers worth some 100 mln dlrs. The AirForce has called for new bids on that contract, partly becauseof the Toshiba investigation, Pentagon officials said.    The officials, who asked not to be identified, said thecomputer contract is also being re-advertised for biddingbecause of changes in the dlr-yen ratio and questions raised byU.S. import restrictions on some Japanese micro-electronics.    Two days ago, three U.S. senators said they wanted atemporary ban on all U.S. imports of Toshiba Corp products,including television sets and videotape recorders.    Senators Jake Garn of Utah, Richard Shelby of Alabama andJohn Heinz of Pennslvania said they might seek an amendment toa major trade bill being considered by the Senate this summer.    The Navy is reported to be furious over the technologytransfer, and Pentagon officials have told Reuters that some ofthe state-of-the-art propellers have already been mounted onSoviet attack submarines.    The Japanese government has already prohibited ToshibaMachine Co from doing any business with the Soviet Bloc for oneyear.    The Norweigan state-own firm Kongsberg Vaapenfabrikk wasinvolved in the original technology transfer, providing vitalcomputer software to be used with the Japanese millingequipment.    But the Norweigan firm is now being reorganized and Bryensaid that it apparently was not involved in the alleged morerecent transfer of Toshiba Machine equipment. Reuter&#3;