President Reagan's move to imposestiff tariffs on Japanese goods stems from deep U.S.frustration over Japan's trade policy, and he has no intentionof calling off the sanctions, trade analysts said.    U.S. officials put down any idea of delaying imposing the300 mln dlrs in tariffs, despite seemingly contradictorycomments by some Administration aides.    A visit here next week by Japanese trade officials and avisit to Tokyo by a senior State Department official willlikely do nothing to change the U.S. decision, they added.    "Do not expect the problem to be resolved or the sanctionsnot to go into effect," said a senior U.S. trade official.    Reagan last Friday announced that on April 17 he wouldraise tariffs on certain Japanese exports to penalize Japan forbreaking a 1986 pact governing trade in semiconductors.    Some U.S. officials had hinted the United States and Japanmight settle their dispute in time to hold off the tariffs, butthis has now been dismissed by other senior officials.    They noted that negotiations over compliance with the pacthad been going on for several months, with little success.    Japanese firms this week announced plans to cut chip outputand increase U.S. chip imports, but U.S. officials said Japan'smove was too late to stave off the American tariffs.    The tariffs are to be imposed after a period of publiccomment, but Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige said anysettlement would probably come too late to delay the tariffs.    U.S. Trade Represenative Clayton Yeutter predicted Japanwould not be able to comply with the pact in time to hold offthe new tariffs on goods including personal computers,television sets, power tools and electric motors.    Trade analysts said that in any case the U.S.-Japanesesemiconductor dispute was only one of many, and trade frictionswill continue until Japan ended a policy of predatory pricingand opened its home market to foreign goods.    Other disputes include Japanese prevention of U.S. firmsfrom taking part in building a new eight billion dlr airportnear Osaka and selling a wide variety of goods in Japan,including an array of agricultural products.    A new row has now arisen over Japan's decision to severelylimit foreign participation in its telecommunication market.    U.S. officials have said the American telecommunicationsmarket is open to foreign firms and it was only fair trade toopen the Japanese market to 33 pct foreign participation, asJapan had previously agreed.    Britain has also protested the Japanese limitations. Reuter&#3;