European free market tin traders made asomewhat muted response to plans for a Kuala Lumpurdollar-based tin futures market due to be launched in October.    Traders said the new market would probably be a usefultrading medium for Japan and other South East Asian tininterests although European traders generally appear to bereasonably satisfied with the current "free market" systemwhich has been operating since London Metal Exchange, LME, tintrading ceased in October 1985. Dealers here will also want tosee how acceptable foreign metal will be on the new market andwhat sort of demand develops for forward deliveries.    There is also a view among European traders that, while theproposed Kuala Lumpur tin futures market would provide anotheruseful reference point, a market inaugurated by the Malaysiangovernment -- in the past viewed as a major player at times bythe trade -- would make participants uncomfortable.    Some traders expressed a preference for a resumption oftrading on the London Metal Exchange, but they added that whilethere has been some behind the scenes discussion on the subjecta definite move is unlikely until outstanding High Courtlitigation actions have been resolved.    Spot tin prices on the European free market are currentlyaround 4,200 stg per tonne for high grade metal in warehouseRotterdam. Over the past 18 months the price moved to a tenyear low of 3,400 stg in March 1986 and rebounded to as high as4,680 stg in December 1986.    This compares with 8,140 stg last paid when LME tradingceased in October 1985 and a record high tin price of 10,350stg traded for Cash Standard Grade metal in June of that year.    LME warehouse stocks are now near a two-year low at 28,065tonnes, having fallen steadily from a record high of 72,485tonnes reached in February 1986.    Traders said the free market turned bullish during latelast year based on producer forecasts of a supply/demanddeficit of some 28,000/29,000 tonnes. Analysts were predictingprices of up to 5,000 stg per tonne during 1987.    However, the trend was reversed following a strong upswingin sterling versus the dollar and values fell back briefly to4,100 stg last month after approaching 4,700 stg in December.    The decline accelerated as producers who had sold verylittle metal at the higher levels became competitive sellers.    There was also a lack of significant demand from majorsteel mills who made large purchases prior to the new year.    Traders say the 15 ITC creditor banks' original tinholdings of nearly 45,000 tonnes have now been almost halved,and the bulk of material still available is being held byMalaysian and Japanese firms which are reluctant to depress themarket with unwanted metal.    Some 80,000 tonnes were held by banks and brokers after theInternational Tin Council's, ITC, buffer stock manager haltedsupport operations on the LME on behalf of the 22 membersnations of the International Tin Agreement.    The overhang of metal was reduced further by brokerShearson Lehman Brothers, which earlier this year reportedhaving sold its ITC-related holdings and halved its overall tinposition.    Analysts see no immediate sign of a rally in European tinprices and movements are still expected to be largely relatedto currency fluctuations, unless significant consumer demandemerges for the third quarter.    The Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC, has madeefforts since the collapse of the ITA to achieve higher worldprices by attempting to bring all major producers under anexport control umbrella, but to date Brazil and China, twomajor producers, remain unaffected by the ATPC argument andapparently are continuing to offer material at discounts toconsumers in main European trading centres, dealers said. Reuter&#3;