Hopes mounted for an agreement on cocoabuffer stock rules at an International Cocoa Organization,ICCO, council meeting which opened here today, delegates said.    Both producer and consumer ICCO members said after theopening session that prospects for an agreement on the cocoamarket support mechanism were improving.    "The chances are very good as of now of getting buffer stockrules by the end of next week," Ghanaian delegate and producerspokesman Mama Mohammed told journalists.    Consumer spokesman Peter Baron called the tone of thenegotiations "optimistic and realistic."    The ICCO council failed to agree on buffer stock rules whena new International Cocoa Agreement came into force in January,with deep differences of opinion precluding serious discussionson the matter at that time. The existing buffer stock of about100,000 tonnes of cocoa was frozen, with a funds balance of 250mln dlrs.    The ICCO made buffer stock rules negotiations a priority atthis semi-annual council meeting in order to stop the slide inworld cocoa prices.    Consumers and producers agreed yesterday on the principlesas a basis for negotiations.    The council broke for lunch, and reconvenes at 1500 hrs. Aworking group which has been meeting since Monday will tacklethe buffer stock rules issue again at 1600 hrs, when ICCOexecutive director Kobena Erbynn presents a fleshed-out versionof a draft proposal he prepared earlier this week, delegatessaid.    Mohammed said delegates will have a much clearer indicationof prospects for an accord after details of the rules areelaborated by Erbynn, and after producers and consumers meetseparately later today to examine the scheme.    The draft proposal included three principles: a limit tonon- member cocoa comprising the buffer stock, an offer systemfor buying buffer stock cocoa, and price differentials to bepaid for various cocoas making up the buffer stock, delegatessaid.    During the morning council session, the Ivory Coastdelegation gave "an open minded statement" that it is willing towork out a buffer stock rules solution which could come intoeffect as soon as possible, Baron said.    Ivorian Agriculture Minister Denis Bra Kanon, chairman ofthe ICCO council, was now expected to arrive in London Mondayto attend the talks, Baron said. Vice chairman Sir Denis Henryof Grenada chaired the meeting in his place.    Soviet and East German delegates did not attend the councilsession because of a conflicting International SugarOrganization meeting today, but could arrive this afternoon,delegates said. Reuter&#3;