U.S. credit markets were mixed in dulltrading at midsession, with moderate losses in coupon issuesand Treasury bill rates near unchanged.    Bills improved slightly on remarks from Federal Reservechairman Paul Volcker that a restrictive monetary policy wouldbe damaging to investment and that last week's increases inU.S. banks' prime lending rates to 7.75 pct from 7.50 pct wasnot connected with Fed policy, dealers said.     Coupon issues were 1/32 to 5/16 lower, pressured by a weakdollar. Treasury bill rates were anywhere from three basispoints lower to one basis point higher.    The key 7-1/2 pct Treasury bond was 5/16 lower at 95-26/32to yield 7.87 pct compared with 7.84 pct at yesterday's close.    Dealers said remarks from Federal Reserve Chairman PaulVolcker indicating that exchange rates had adjusted enough tonarrow the U.S. trade deficit and warning that a further,sizable dollar fall could be counterproductive had littleexchange rate impact as they were seen as a reiteration of hisviews.    In any case, they said the dollar is expected to be underpressure while monetary officials of leading industrial nationsmeet this week in Washington, which may hurt bonds.    Dealers said three-month bill rates had eased early in thesession on a few sizable buy orders from retail accounts, butthat otherwise there was little activity in this sector.    "When Volcker hit the tape it helped bills, because itmakes people think the Fed is not going to tighten," a billtrader said. "But it's a nervous trade, with no real buyers."    Three-month bills were bid at 5.50 pct, three basis pointsbelow their price at yesterday's auction, while six-month billsrose one basis point from their auction price to 5.64 pct bid.    Year bills rose one basis points to 5.74 pct bid.    Most economists expected the Federal Reserve to supplytemporary reserves, but most had forecasted an indirectinjection via customer repurchase agreements rather than adirect injection via two-day system repurchases which the Fedconducted at its usual intervention time.    The Fed intervened when Federal funds were trading at 6-1/8pct. Funds opened at this level and remained there at midday,down from yesterday's 6.20 pct avearge.    The 6-3/8 pct two-year notes fell 1/32 to 99-21/32 atmidday and the 7-1/4 pct 10-years dropped 9/32 to 97-27/32. Reuter&#3;