U.S. corporate treasurers are expectedto race to market this week, propelled by hopes that the recentrecoveries of the Treasury market and the dollar will whetinvestors' appetities for new issues, underwriters said.    Underwriters expect to price about 2.3 billion dlrs of newdebt issues this week, including an asset-backed debt deal.    "Treasurers have been sitting on the sidelines for weeks,waiting to pounce," said an underwriter with a large WallStreet house. "They will hit the market at a fast pace as longas the dollar remains stable."    "The financing calendar is the heaviest it has been inweeks," said a trader with a small securities firm.    "And there are billions of dollars on the SEC shelf thatcan come to market at any time," he said, referring to companydebt filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.    Investment bankers said last week signaled a surge infinancings. New debt offerings rose to nearly 2.8 billion dlrsduring the holiday-shortened week from 2.09 billion dlrs in theprevious week, they calculated.    "And most of (last week's) issues were not even on thecalendar," an underwriter remarked.    Analysts noted that in the past few months the fixed-incomemarkets became virtually obsessed with the dollar. Thecurrency's sharp drop ignited fears that foreign investorswould shun dollar-denominated debt vehicles.    Also, many participants believed inflation would gathermomentum because of the dollar's fall. Inflation is the numberone enemy of fixed-rate investments, analysts explained.    But the dollar's recovery last week calmed worries in theTreasury and corporate bond markets over foreign investordemand and inflation. The resulting decline in yields shouldbring company treasurers to market, traders said.    Underwriters are slated to bid competitively tomorrow for250 mln dlrs of first mortgage bonds due 2017 of Georgia PowerCo, a unit of Southern Co &lt;SO>. The issue is rated Baa-1 byMoody's Investors and BBB-plus by Standard and Poor's.    This would be Georgia Power's first bond issue in the U.S.since August 1986 when it sold 250 mln dlrs of same-rated,same-maturity 10 pct bonds yielding 250 basis points more thancomparable Treasury securities.    Tomorrow will see another competitive. Syndicates will bidfor 100 mln dlrs of 30-year bonds rated A-1/A-plus of VirginiaElectric and Power Co, a unit of Dominion Resources Inc &lt;D>.    Virginia Electric last visited the domestic debt market inOctober 1986 when the utility issued 100 mln dlrs ofsame-rated, same-maturity 9-1/4 pct bonds. The bonds werepriced to yield 9.27 pct, or 141 basis points over Treasuries.    The biggest investment grade deal tentatively scheduled forpricing this week is 600 mln dlrs of securities due 1992 backedby the automobile loan receivables of Marine Midland Banks&lt;MM>. Salomon Brothers Inc will head the syndicate.    The Marine Midland issue follows last week's offering of230 mln dlrs of car loan backed debt by RepublicBank Dallas NA,a unit of RepublicBank Corp &lt;RPT>, underwriters noted.    Goldman, Sachs and Co led the group for the RepublicBankdeal. First Boston Corp and Salomon Brothers, the most activeunderwriters of asset-backed securities, were co-managers.    First Boston has dominated the asset-backed market sinceintroducing the concept of selling these securities in March1985. It has a commanding 86.1 pct share of the 12.5 billiondlr market, according to figures tabluated by First Boston.    Salomon Brothers is in second place with a market share of8.8 pct, followed by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc's share of 3.5pct of the market. Goldman Sachs is next with a 1.6 pct marketshare that was calculated before the RepublicBank Dallas deal.    Indeed, investment bankers say that banks will be the mostfrequent issuers of asset-backed securities this year. Thefinance arms of the U.S. automakers accounted for the bulk oflast year's offerings, with General Motors Corp's &lt;GM> GeneralMotors Acceptance Corp taking the lion's share of that.    The Marine Midland cars deal is rated a top-flight AAA byboth Moody's and Standard and Poor's because it is backed by aletter of credit by Union Bank of Switzerland.    Recently, Imperial Savings and Loan Association of SanDiego filed a registration statement with the SEC covering 100mln dlrs of credit card backed debt, underwriters noted. Reuter&#3;