BankAmerica Corp &lt;BAC> asked Japanesecommercial banks today to buy 350 mln dlrs in subordinatedcapital notes and preferred stock that it plans to issue toboost its equity base, a company spokesman said.    BankAmerica vice chairman Frank N. Newman held a meetinghere today to outline its fund-raising plan to some 20 Japanesebanks, he told Reuters.    He also stressed the company's efforts to streamlineoperations, by withdrawing from unprofitable energy-relatedareas to concentrate more on its Californian home base.    But Newman said the company had no intention of selling its Seafirst Corp Subsidiary in Washington.    A document obtained by Reuters shows the fund-raisingeffort involves 250 mln dlrs in 12-year subordinated capitalnotes and 100 mln in convertible preferred stock.    It has made a shelf registration with the SEC so that itcan issue debt securities whenever market conditions arefavorable.    The company already raised 100 mln dlrs in the U.S. Marketlast month, he added.    According to the document, the 250 mln dlrs in subordinatedcapital notes will carry an interest rate of 100 basis pointsover the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). Theminimum rate will be six pct and the maxiumum 12 pct.    The notes will be redeemable at par after four years andwill also have warrants attached to purchase the firm's commonstock at 17.50 dlrs. There will be 7.5 mln warrants in all,with a term of 10 years.    The planned convertible preferred stock will carry adividend rate equivalent to three months LIBOR plus an as yetundecided premium, the document said. There will be no sinkingfund for the preferred stock, which will have 10-year warrantsattached to buy BankAmerica common stock.    The rest of the details of the preferred stock issue haveyet to be worked out.    On both the preferred stock and note issues, BankAmericasaid that a fixed rate alternative was possible.    The document said that BankAmerica was also open to raisingfunds in yen, if that was desirable for the Japanese.    Those present at the meeting today were working-levelofficials from 13 city, three long-term credit and seven trustbanks, Japanese banking sources said.    Newman expressed hope that certain banks would act as leadmanagers of the projected debt securities but did not namespecific banks, the sources said. No bank made any commitmentto the company's fund-raising plan as most knew little about itin advance, they said.    "Today's meeting itself was held with very short-notice andwe just can't decide what to do with it," said a senior officialat a leading city bank.    Newman attempted to quell Japanese bankers' fears that theU.S. Federal Reserve may insist that they deduct the equivalentamount to the securities purchased  from their primary capital,under a regulation now being studied by the U.S. And Britain.    Newman told them that they should not worry because heunderstood the U.S. Federal Reserve would not go along withsuch a regulation, the official said. REUTER&#3;