ITT Corp Chairman Rand Araskog told ameeting of analysts that the company has been considering arepurchase of some shares.    "We are considering that as a very important way toincrease earnings per share," Araskog said and noted the aimwas not to boost ITT's stock short term in the market.    ITT recently reported that its 1986 earnings fromoperations rose to 3.45 dlrs per share from 1.80 dlrs per sharea year ago.    Araskog said its preferred issues were among the sharesbeing studied for repurchase.    "We look forward to a strong 1987 and a stronger 1988,"Araskog told the analysts. "We have more confidence...than anyother time in our history - at least with me."    Araskog took over as chairman of ITT in 1979 and since thenhas sold many of the diversified businesses that were acquiredby former chairman Harold Geneen in the 1960s and 1970s.   Last year, the company transferred its Europeantelecommunications businesses into a joint venture with CieGenerale d'Electricite, called Alcatel N.V.    ITT retained a 37 pct interest in the venture.    Although the agreement was closed by the end of the year,Araskog said the final transfers of stock of a number of smallcompanies was recently concluded.    "We really wrapped everything up," he said adding that thecompany had received an additional 113 mln dlrs from the stocktransfers.    Araskog said the company received all the cash due from theAlcatel venture except for 400 mln dlrs in intercompanyreceiveables, which should be paid by the end of March.    Araskog had told analysts last July that the company wasconsidering repurchasing some shares, but a spokesman notedthat ITT found it difficult to undertake the program because ofthe sharp appreciation in its stock price.       Breaking out operating earnings by divisions, ITT saiddiversified services, which consists of insurance, financialservices, communications and hotels, saw the sharpest rise inoperating income, to 454 mln dlrs, from 297 mln dlrs a yearago.    Industrial and defense operating income declined 48 mlndlrs, to 315 mln dlrs, while natural resources increased 10 mlndlrs, to 73 mln dlrs, the company said.    Reuter&#3;