President Reagan denied he had beentold that profits from sales of arms to Iran had been used toaid the U.S.-backed "contra" rebels in Nicaragua.    "No, that is not true," he said before a televised newsconference when asked about reports that he had been told aboutthe money diversion by his former National Security Adviser,John Poindexter.    Reagan was giving his first formal White House pressconference in four months since the Iran arms affair burst intoscandal with the disclosure profits from weapons sales had beendiverted, possibly illegally, to the contras.    He said the secret approach to Iran had resulted in therelease of three American hostages held by pro-Iranian elementsin Lebanon and that it might have freed more if the operationhad not been made public.    Reagan told reporters -- as he had told a presidentialcommission that investigated the scandal -- that he did notremember when he had approved an August, 1985, shipment of U.S.arms to Iran through Israel.    Reagan opened the news conference -- seen as vital inrebuilding his damaged presidency and restoring his authority-- with a statement on the yawning U.S. budget deficit.    He again stated his opposition to tax increases and calledfor a constitutional amendment to balance the budget.    Asked if in hindsight he would again start a secret programto sell arms to Iran, Reagan said, "No, I would not go down thatsame road again."    Tonight's news conference was widely seen as an opportunityfor Reagan, 76, to demonstrate he was in command of affairsdespite the crisis.    Reagan said, referring to the Iran arms program, "If Ihadn't thought it was right in the beginning, I never wouldhave started it."    He said he went into the deal because he was persuaded thathe was not dealing directly with the kidnappers.    "You cannot do business with them," he said.    But "suddenly you have a third party there (Iran) ... and itwas not trading with the kidnappers," he said.    The news conference in the White House East Room lasted 32minutes -- two minutes more than normal -- most of which wasdevoted to the Iran affair.    At the last minute, a reporter asked whether Vice PresidentGeorge Bush had opposed the arms sales as Secretary of StateGeorge Shultz and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger had done.    Reagan replied, "No," smiled, waved and walked away from thepodium toward the White House residence. Reuter&#3;