The Philippines' bank advisorycommittee meets tomorrow to discuss its response to a novelproposal by finance minister Jaime Ongpin to pay part of thecountry's interest bill with investment notes instead of cash,bankers said.    Ongpin outlined his plan today to the 12-bank advisorycommittee headed by Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co.    Bankers declined to comment on today's meeting but said thepanel's response could be crucial to the fate of the talks,which are now in their second week. "The ball's in our courtnow," one banker on the committee said.    Under Ongpin's rescheduling plan, the Philippines wouldoffer to make interest payments in cash at 5/8 pct over theLondon Interbank Offered Rate.    Banks which found this rate unacceptably low would beoffered an alternative of LIBOR payments in cash plus a marginof one pct in the form of Philippine Investment Notes, PINs,bankers explained.    These tradable, dollar-denominated zero-coupon notes wouldhave a maturity of six years, but they would be redeemable atany time at par for pesos to fund investments approved as partof the government's debt-equity scheme.    Because banks would be able to sell the PINs tomultinational investors at relatively small discounts to facevalue, their total yield would be boosted well above the 5/8pct cash margin, according to the Philippine proposal.    Although bankers are eager to foster foreign investment inthe Philippines, the PINs idea is likely to run into stiffresistance by at least some members of the bank advisorycommittee because it would establish the precedent of someinterest payments being made with paper rather than cash.    Ongpin has said that U.S. regulators and accountants hadgiven a green light to his idea, but bankers are not so sure.    U.S. bankers fear that they would not be able to accountfor the notes in the same way as accruing cash interestpayments and that their profits would suffer accordingly.    If the banks reject the proposal out of hand, however, theyrun the risk of scuttling the talks, for Ongpin has insistedthat he would not accept a margin above 5/8 pct.    The Phillipines is asking the banks to reschedule 3.6billion dlrs of debt falling due between 1987 and 1992 and togrant easier terms on 5.8 billion dlrs of previouslyrestructured debt. Reuter&#3;