U.S. farmers who reorganize theiroperations to circumvent a cap on federal payments could add2.3 billion dlrs to the cost of the government's agriculturalprograms by 1989, the General Accounting Office, GAO, said.    "We estimate that should the trend in farm reorganizationscontinue, reorganizations since 1984 could be adding almost 900mln dlrs annually to program costs by 1989," GAO SeniorAssociate Director Brian Crowley said.    "Cumulative costs for the six-year period, 1984 to 1989,could approach 2.3 billion dlrs," he said.    Between 1984 and 1986, reorganizations added almost 9,000new persons to U.S. Agriculture Department payment rolls,Crowley told the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Wheat,Soybeans and Feedgrains.    The GAO said at least part of the recent proliferation ofreorganizations was attributable to farmers' efforts to avoidpayment limits, although exactly how many subdivisions wereprompted by that concern were impossible to determine.    Crowley said the two areas of primary concern were theformation of corporations and the renting of farmland for cashby individuals, partnerships or joint ventures with a largenumber of participants.    Subcommittee Chairman Dan Glickman, D-Kan., said evidencethat a "few bad apples" were using imaginative techniques toskirt the payment limit jeopardized the "political credibility"of U.S. farm programs.    Without elaborating, Glickman said the committee wouldconsider legislation to "ensure than no one is tarnishing thegood name and the political support and popular support whichAmerican agriculture so richly deserves."    To improve the effectiveness of payment caps, Congresscould require that payments made to corporations, limitedpartnerships or trusts be attributed to the individual paymentlimitation of persons who are shareholders, members orbeneficiaries of those entities, Crowley said.    "Attribution could be made at some specified level ofownership interest such as five or ten pct," Crowley said.    Currently, such entities qualify for an individual 50,000dlr payment as long as no stockholder owns or controls morethan 50 pct of the stock.    Crowley also suggested that payments could be restricted topersons actively engaged in farming in some manner other thanjust supplying financing.    The Reagan administration proposed similar changes inlegislation it sent to Congress last month.    Crowley said the GAO investigation uncovered problems withUSDA's administration of the payment limitation thatcontributed to "the creation of new persons throughreorganization that are of questionable validity."    Specifically, USDA county offices have inconsistentlyapplied a regulation requiring a reorganization to involve a"substantive" change in the farming operation in order for anynew persons to qualify for payments.    In addition, GAO found USDA officials in California wereincorrectly interpreting regulations relating to financing ofgeneral partnership operations.    Crowley also reported that in 401 U.S. counties havingabout 90 pct of all foreign-owned cropland for all major crops,total farm payments to foreign owners were 6.2 mln dlrs in 1984and 7.7 mln in 1985.    However, payments in 1985 represented only about 0.4 pct ofall payments made in the 401 counties, he said. Reuter&#3;