Saudi Arabia's 11 commercial banks arereporting a further decline in profits for 1986 as increasingprovisions have to be set aside to cover the burden of non-performing loans.    Bankers in the Saudi capital said the need to buildreserves for bad and doubtful debts may start to decline alittle this year.    But the kingdom's still sluggish economy and legal problemshampering traditional lending operations mean earnings willremain vulnerable.    One senior bank credit officer said "The work is largelydone in terms of identifying bad loans and making provisions,but banks are still going to face difficulties earning money."    The sudden decline of Saudi Arabia's corporate sector in1983 - culminating in a number of debt reschedulings - hastaken a heavy toll of bank profits, with first results nowappearing for 1986 showing a fourth successive year of broaddecline.    The cumulative net 1985 earnings of the kingdom's banks hadsunk to 827.9 mln riyals from 2.66 billion in 1982 before worldoil prices tumbled.    Of the kingdom's nine joint-venture banks which operate onthe Gregorian calendar year, four have already reported andrevealed a further profits decline - or net loss - for 1986 atthe expense of increased provisions.    The newest and smallest of the joint ventures, &lt;United SaudiCommercial Bank> (USCB) reported a 1986 net loss of 15.9 mlnriyals, marginally less than 1985's shortfall of 17.0 mln.    Profits before provisions were sharply higher, in partreflecting an 18 pct staff cut last year. But the bank nearlytrebled the amount set aside against bad and doubtful loans to60 mln riyals from 22 mln in 1985.    Other results released so far show &lt;Saudi American Bank>(SAMBA) reporting a 53.8 pct fall in 1986 net profit to 80.7mln riyals, while &lt;Al Bank Al Saudi Al Fransi>, known as SaudiFrench, slid 14 pct to 94.9 mln riyals.    Both Saudi American, owned 40 pct by Citicorp's &lt;CCI.N>Citibank NA and Saudi French, 40 pct owned by Banque Indosuez,increased provisions sharply.    &lt;Arab National Bank>'s net profit fell 17.8 pct to 152.1mln riyals and provisions were more than doubled to 86.6 mlnriyals.    Bankers said there are first signs that the number of non-performing loans has stopped growing as the decline in theSaudi economy bottoms out.    Few are willing to predict a sharp upturn in economicactivity, but one banker said "The top 50 pct of the Saudi banksare now at or close to international levels on provisions."    From 1982 to 1985, the kingdom's largest bank &lt;NationalCommercial Bank> (NCB) stashed away 1.7 billion riyals inprovisions or 8.9 pct of its total loans and advances to theprivate sector, bankers calculated.    Between 1982 and 1985, &lt;Riyad Bank>, NCB's rival as thesecond biggest of the two all-Saudi shareholding banks, hadcovered 12.8 pct of its loans and advances. Both banks operateon an Islamic year that does not coincide with the other nine.    Although the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA) has beentightening supervision, there is still no standardised rule fordeclaring loans as non-performing.    Bankers say this makes comparison of profit figuresdifficult because some banks still book non-accruing interestas revenue while others follow more conservative practices inforce in major world financial centres.    Bankers generally said NCB, Riyad Bank and thejoint-ventures SAMBA, Saudi French and Arab National Bank rankas the strongest earners.    Other banks such as &lt;Saudi British Bank>, 40 pct owned bythe &lt;British Bank of the Middle East>, are disadvantaged by arelatively low deposit base.    Saudi British slashed 1985 profit 91 pct to just 9.1 mlnriyals and 1986 accounts due soon are expected to show anotherlow figure. But the bank has traditionally been one of the mostconservative in making provisions.    Bankers said SAMA has proved it is not prepared to see aSaudi bank go under and not only supported &lt;Saudi Cairo Bank>after its troubled 1985 accounts came to light but also madeavailable cheap deposits to &lt;Saudi Investment Bank> and USCB.    The banks can on-lend these to generate profit, butgenerally banks are awash with liquidity since they areunwilling to risk incurring fresh non-performing loans.    And while banks in more liberal financial markets canattempt to diversify away from traditional lending,conservatism in Saudi banking has made it difficult to generatefee income from new investment banking products.    One banker said "Operating earnings in the Kingdom are notgood."    Reflecting the caution in new lending, the amount ofadvances is showing a declining trend, while the days whenbanks had ample funds in interest-free current accounts toinvest are disappearing as Saudi customers seek a better returnon their money.    In 1979, the ratio of interest-bearing accounts to currentaccounts was 27 to 73 pct. Today, only about 40 pct of customerfunds are held on current account. REUTER&#3;