A rift has occured among Philippineofficials over debt talks opening tomorrow in New York withEconomic Planning Secretary Solita Monsod accusing the chiefnegotiator of softening his stand to gain a quick agreement.    Monsod told Reuters Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin haddecided not to insist on Manila's creditor banks pledging tofund half of a projected 1988/92 financing gap of seven billiondlrs.    "He (Ongpin) wants to finish the negotiations as fast aspossible. I'm saying that's very short-sighted," Monsod said.    Monsod said any pricing agreement on rescheduling 3.6billion dlrs of the Philippines' total foreign debt of 27.8billion dlrs would ignore a looming 14 billion dlr net resourcetransfer in the same period.    Manila is seeking a spread of 5/8 percentage points overthe London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR).    Monsod said,  "Right now we are saying to the banks, let'sshare the financing burden."    Ongpin said last month the country's consultative group ofmultilateral and bilateral aid donors had endorsed a growthfacility to bridge the funding gap.     He said the government and the consultative group wouldmeet annually to gauge financing needs for each year. The aiddonors and commercial bank creditors would then be asked tofinance any gap on a shared basis.    He told reporters on Saturday it would be unwise to try topin the banks down on Monsod's proposed growth facility.    Ongpin acknowledged there was a dispute over tactics."Secretary Monsod and I get along famously," he said. "She talksand I listen but I don't necessarily agree."    Monsod said a firm commitment from the banks on bridgingthe financing gap would have aided the government'spump-priming program and 1987/92 medium-term development plan.    She said if private sector investment continued to be heldback by the fear of a balance of payments crisis and risinginterest rates, the country would fail to achieve its grossnational product (GNP) growth target of an average 6.5 pct overthe next six years.    "If you don't get those seven billion dlrs there is no plan.How can there be a program if there is no finance?" she said,adding Ongpin's stand was not good for the economy.    "It (Ongpin's stand) is going to make it much more difficultfor the economy to attain its growth targets," Monsod said.    "Considering what the Philippine negotiating team is goingto press for there is absolutely no reason why they should notbe able to come back (from New York) in a day," she said.    Monsod, the government's chief economic planner, stressedManila's policy was growth before debt.    She said if the banks refused to lend the new money, thePhilippines should copy Brazil's action last week in freezingall debt repayments.    "If the banks do not cooperate by lending you back some ofthe money that you are sending abroad, then of course you havean option," Monsod said. "You just don't send it abroad. You do aBrazil." REUTER&#3;