One of General Electric Co's biggestbusinesses, aircraft engines, will ride a wave of increasingprofits into 1991 because of a new contract worth 650 mln dlrs,Wall Street analysts said.    Previously, it was expected the business would peak anddecline at some point in the next five years. The improvedoutlook results from AMR Corp's &lt;AMR> decision to order 40 newplanes powered by CF6-80C2 GE engines.    "Creative financial footwork helped GE get the order," saidNicholas Heymann, analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.    AMR declined to go into detail on financing arrangementsfor its order of 15 Boeing Co &lt;BA> and 25 &lt;Airbus Industrie>twinjet long distance aircraft.    But AMR said it was using "rent-a-plane leases" that allowit to operate the aircraft without adding to its debtstructure. AMR also has the right to decline delivery of theplanes or return them on short notice. The arrangement protectsAMR in the case of an unexpected development such as a severedownturn in the economy.    From GE's point of view the package looks like a good dealfor several reasons, Heymann said.    GE will be able to record revenue as a sale at the time ofdelivery, Heymann noted.    And if for some reason AMR decides not to take the planesGE's financial arm, General Electric Financial Services Inc,would have little trouble rounding up another airline thatwanted the fuel efficient planes. On the whole, the dealappears to pose little risk for GE, Heymann said.    GE's stock declined 1/4 to 103-1/2 on 625,000 shares bymidafternoon. H.P. Smith, analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Uphamand Co said for a 40 billion dlr (revenue) company "no oneorder will have much of an effect on the stock."    Russell Leavitt, analyst at Salomon Brothers Inc, said theorder "will help to maintain a good level of production andprofitability in the aircraft engine business" for GE.    Heymann sees operating profits from GE's jet enginebusiness rising from 870 mln dlrs last year to 1.3 billion dlrsby 1991.    Revenue from jet engines was close to six billion dlrs lastyear, with well over half of the business in the militarysector, according to analysts' estimates.    The rosy outlook for GE's jet engine business coincideswith an upbeat performance in other segments.    Heymann expects GE to earn 1.39 dlrs per share in the firstquarter of 1987. Saying many will be suprised by the results,he believes GE has shown through its acquisition of RCA Corpthat it has a "unique ability" to buy a major business andreshape it, pruning some parts and recombining parts with otherelements of its 14 business areas.    Smith sees GE earning 1.35 dlrs per share in the currentquarter. He credits good results at RCA, in turn aided by theNBC broadcasting operation, and lower interest rates.    Leavitt sees 1.40 dlrs for the current quarter, in partcrediting "significant benefits from the RCA acquisition." Reuter&#3;