Brazil's crisis-ridden motor industry-- which is dominated by the subsidiaries of Volkswagen AG&lt;VOWG.F>, Fiat Spa &lt;FIAT.MI>, General Motor Corp &lt;GM> and FordCo &lt;F> -- has not made a single domestic sale for the last fourdays, and several assembly lines will stop shortly, industryspokesmen said.    The motor manufacturers have been feeling the pinch formonths, with demand slumping as the country heads intorecession.    But the industry hit a fresh problem when dealers decidedon Tuesday to stop buying any cars or trucks to protest highgovernment taxes on vehicles. The dealers' decision was sparkedby a 33 pct increase in car prices authorized last week by thegovernment to cover industry's rising costs.    Spokesman Marcio Stefani of the Brazilian Association ofAutmotive Vehicle Distributors said dealers felt theirlivelihood was at stake -- cars aren't selling because theycost too much.    "It is a question of our survival. The price of cars inBrazil has reached an insupportable level," he said. A GM OpalaDiplomata, he said, costs 30,000 dlrs in Brazil, while anequivalent car in the United States would cost about 10,000dlrs.    The National Association of Automotive VehicleManufacturers said that if the trade's boycott continues foranother week, consequences will be serious.    Association spokesman Fred Carvalho told Reuters, "Theconsequences will first of all be collective holidays thenlay-offs and a more and more catastrophic situation."    A spokesman for Ford Brasil said it would tell about halfof its 21,000 workforce to take holidays June 29-July 13.    Fiat announced yesterday that it would give 2,000 workers amonth's holiday, from July 6, halting production for thedomestic market.    Carvalho said the industry was working at 3,500 vehicles aday, below its 1986 average of 4,700 and capacity of 5,100.    During last year's Cruzado Plan price freeze, feverishdemand far outstripped supply. The industry says it could havesold many more cars than it produced, but was constrained by alack of parts.    Today the picture is completely different after months ofraging inflation and demand has all but disappeared.    Carvalho said the government taxes on cars added 138 pct tothe cost of the vehicle. He described the taxes as "the highestin the universe and the galaxy."    Domestic car sales during the first five months of thisyear slipped to their lowest level for a decade, 241,632 unitscompared with 382,182 units during the same period last year.    On the bright side, exports are booming -- sales abroad inMay totalled 242 mln dlrs, a record figure.    The motor industry is critical of the government ofPresident Jose Sarney, which has gained a reputation as anindifferent manager of the economy.    Last month Volkswagen said it was postponing indefinitelyinvestments of 150 mln dlrs planned for this year.    Wolfgang Sauer, president of Volkswagen do Brasil, said thegovernment had created a crisis of confidence.    Brazil's motor industry employs more than 150,000 people. Reuter&#3;