Interest in the currency futures markethas shifted to the soaring British pound and the potentiallyexplosive Canadian dollar, and away from the dull Continentaland Japanese currencies, analysts said.    The June pound, which added 6.3 cents over the pastweek-and-a-half to reach a new contract high of 1.5930 to thedollar on Monday, has spawned a new-found speculative boom.    "Brokers have to push their clients somewhere...andtechnically, the pound is in the best shape," PaineWebberanalyst Jason Gillard said.    "We've tried to take a bullish approach to the pound, andwe're going to stay with that, there's no reason to change,"Smith Barney analyst Craig Sloane said.    Many traders took on long pound/short West German markfutures positions, although some of those cross-trades wereliquidated yesterday, Sloane said.     The fundamental keys to the pound's rise have beenrelatively high U.K. interest rates and a vague optimismsurrounding the British economy, analysts said.    "Money seems to be chasing yields," William Byers, of BearStearns, said of the 10-1/2 pct U.K. base lending rate.    Many analysts are skeptical about further gains in thepound, on the inference that the Bank of England will seek torelieve upward pressure on the currency by pushing downinterest rates after the nation's budget is released March 17.    The budget itself could have an impact, depending on howwell it is received, but analysts say relative interest ratesand oil income remain the main influences on the currency.    However, the market may be able to absorb lower U.K.interest rates, as it has done when other countries have cuttheir discount rates, and extend the pound's rally, Sloanesaid.    The Canadian dollar has not been rising like the pound, butSloane and other analysts cautiously predicted a big move soon.    The sideways price pattern in the June contract, withsmaller and smaller price ranges, has formed a "bull flag" onprice charts, technically-oriented analysts said.    "It makes for an explosive type of situation that oftenleads to a breakout," in this case to the upside, Sloane said.    Byers agreed there was potential for the June Canadiandollar to rally above the 77.00 cent level from the most recentclose at 74.80 cents to the U.S. dollar.    "At this stage of the game I'd call the market long-termpositive, but for the technical burden of proof you need aclose above (the previous contract high of) 75.25," Byers said.    As to the traditionally more active currencies, stabilitywas the catchword and reluctance the watchword among analysts.    Sloane said it was important that June Swiss francs andJune German marks held above support at 0.6400 and 0.5400,respectively, closing at 0.6438 and 0.5430.    Yesterday's rebound showed the market was still veryrespectful of the Paris accord, and the threat of central bankintervention by the G-5 nations plus Canada.    "We may still probe to see what the parameters are," Byerssaid, "but people are very reluctant because they don't knowwhere the central banks will be (to intervene)."    Gillard said the mark could drop to a previous priceconsolidation area around 0.5250 based on the profoundlysluggish West German economy, but that he would be a buyer atthat level. Reuter&#3;