Members of prime minister YasuhiroNakasone's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) have shunnedhis support in their campaigns for upcoming local elections.    "His presence will do more harm than good," an LDP candidatein Tokyo told Reuters. The candidate is one of severalconservatives who have rebelled and joined the public outcryagainst Nakasone's proposal for a five pct sales tax.    Political analysts said Nakasone might have to step downbefore the Venice summit of industrial democracies on June 8-10if the LDP lost too many major local seats.    Nakasone's popularity has dropped sharply since he led hisparty to its greatest-ever election victory last July, andanalysts said the proposed tax was one reason for the decline.    Over 2,500 local seats will be filled during two rounds ofpolling. The first round is on Sunday, the second on April 26.    Political analysts said a seat to watch would be thegovernorship of Fukuoka, southern Japan. The LDP and two centreparties are challenging the incumbent governor, Hachiji Okuda,who is supported by the opposition socialist and communistparties.    The proposed tax is a key campaign issue.    "The LDP and the centrist parties should have about1,350,000 votes against 700,000 for Okuda. But Okuda is theincumbent and has the sales tax weapon," said Rei Shiratori,professor of political science at Dokkyo University.    "Nakasone will serve out his term to the end of October ifthe LDP wins in Fukuoka," he said.    Analysts believe the opposition is likely to win thegovernorship of the northern island of Hokkaido.    But Kenzo Uchida, professor of political science at HoseiUniversity, said, "Nakasone can afford to get fairly tough ifthe LDP loses only in Hokkaido."    The opposition parties are campaigning to scrap the salestax proposal.    The tax is one of the main pillars of Nakasone's plan tooverhaul the tax system, which has remained unchanged for 36years.    It is also a key element in plans to boost Japanesedomestic demand and cut back on exports. Without the taxrevenue the government would have less to spend on stimulatingthe economy. REUTER&#3;