New Zealand's ruling Labour Partygovernment has just completed its three-year economic reformwhich threw thousands of people out of work, yet its popularityhas risen as the September deadline for the election drawscloser, a recent poll shows.    An Eyewitness/Heylen Poll, conducted for Television NewZealand's Eyewitness news broadcast on April 2, showed Labourhad the support of 50 pct of voters compared with theopposition National Party's 46 pct.    The figures had been reversed in a poll a month earlier.    The poll showed 40 pct of the canvassed voters thought theeconomy would improve over the next year, up 12 points on lastmonth's result.    The increase came in a week when the government turnedseven departments into nine profit-oriented corporations run bybusinessmen who promptly sacked some 4,000 employees, includinghalf the country's 1,700 coal miners.    The latest survey confounded those who proclaimed Labour'sdays were numbered because of perceived insensitivity to itstraditional backers, the workers, political analysts said.    The poll indicates people are swinging behind the party andthe arguments of Finance Minister Roger Douglas, who haspresided over the deregulation of the economy and theconstruction of one based on market forces without subsidies orcurrency controls, the analysts said.    The economic reforms, by a party increasingly regarded inNew Zealand as more akin to the West European-style SocialDemocrats than working class socialists, have rattled theNational Party, which is now regretting it was not asinnovative in the decade it ruled until Prime Minister RobertMuldoon was ousted in 1983, one analyst said.    The National Party was further shaken, the analyst said,when the Press, a Christchurch daily, said on April 2 the partywas "on the verge of flying apart" with the prospect of a coupattempt against leader Jim Bolger by Muldoon. Bolger said thearticle was an April Fool's joke.    Labour's reforms have brought unexpectedly strong taxrevenues, a lower budget deficit and less state borrowing, animprovement in the balance of payments, a reduction in foreigndebt and improved productivity, economists said.    Inflation should peak at 19.5 pct in the quarter endedMarch 31 and fall to about eight pct within a year, they said.    Labour's reforms have hit every sector, but the mostdramatic was the "corporatisation" of seven governmentdepartments on April 1, which critics argue is the first stagestep towards the sale of state assets, the analysts said.    The move stops short of privatisation, as the state willretain ownership, but the new corporations are expected to befinancially self-supporting and pay dividends.    Arguments have already broken out over money. One utility,Electricorp, said its assets are worth less than 3.8 billiondlrs yet the Treasury wants 8.5 billion for them.    No agreement has been reached on the value of assets of theformer forest service, the analysts added.    Chairman Alan Gibbs said in a speech the forest service hadbeen losing 100 mln dlrs annually, yet due to economies it nowemployed less than 30 pct of its previous workforce and the newcorporation would pay the state a dividend of at least 20 mlndlrs in its first year.    Uncertainties have also arisen over the government, as theonly shareholder, retaining the right to order the newcorporations to undertake certain projects although the fullcost must be met by the state, the analysts said.    Deputy prime minister Geoffrey Palmer said managers wouldbe held accountable for performance, with the government payingfor projects undertaken for social or environmental reasons.    This policy has already caused problems, the analystsadded. For example, Electricorp has refused to spend severalhundred million dlrs to build a hydro project at Luggate,further up the Clutha river from the Clyde high dam now underconstruction in Central Otago.    Prime Minister David Lange said this week that Labour MPshad decided last year that Luggate be built and it wasimportant that the government honour its promises.    "But it is also a matter of importance that we do not seemany more jobs lost because of economic distortion than wewould save by having that promise honoured to the last," headded. REUTER&#3;