Plans for key reforms of the EuropeanCommunity's (EC) controversial farm policy will almostcertainly have to be referred to the bloc's heads of governmentat a summit meeting on June 29 and 30, Belgian finance ministerMark Eyskens said today.    Eyskens was speaking at a news conference after chairing ajoint meeting of EC finance and agriculture ministers which wasdesigned to help break a deadlock over this year's EC farmprice package which has endured since March.    Diplomats quoted EC Executive Commission president JacquesDelors as saying at the same meeting that it would be adisaster if the two most difficult issues at the farm talks hadto be referred to heads of government.    These issues are a Commission plan for a tax on marine andvegetable fats and oils, and proposals to change the system bywhich EC farm prices, expressed in European currency units(Ecus), are translated into the currencies of member states.    The oils and fats tax is opposed by a group of countrieswhich fears it could provoke trade retaliation by the U.S., Amajor exporter of soybeans to the EC.    West Germany, meanwhile, is strongly against the technicalcurrency move, which would result in additional price cuts forfarmers in countries with strong currencies, such as the mark.    Commission sources said Delors is anxious that the twoissues are not referred to the summit because this would meanheads of government diverting their attention from much moreimportant world and Community issues.    Eyskens said decisions from heads of government were alsolikely to be less sound since they do not usually interestthemselves in such technically complex questions.    However, Eyskens said today's meeting had thrown up somenuances in member state positions "which may make the dialoguemore constructive in the next few weeks."    If farm prices are not decided by the end of this month,the Commission could use its own powers to impose a seven pctcut in cereals prices, farm trade sources said. It originallyproposed measures to cut farm spending by 1.1 billion Ecus thisyear, with effective price cuts of over 10 pct for some crops.    Diplomats said farm ministers might be able to agree aprice package cutting spending by around 340 mln Ecus but fortheir disagreements on the oils/fats tax and on currencyreforms.    The finance ministers were called in to emphasise the needfor budgetary restraint in the face of an almost certain ECbudget deficit of over five billion Ecus this year.    Although Delors was said by aides to have found today'smeeting very useful, diplomats said there was little sign of amajor shift in the position of member states, or of financeministers adopting a different line from that of theiragriculture colleagues.    The farm ministers are expected to meet for most of thisweek in Luxembourg in a pre-summit attempt to bridge theirdifferences. REUTER&#3;