China is likely to succeed in joiningGATT despite policies that contradict free trade, becausewestern countries support its entry, western diplomats said.    China applied to join the General Agreement on Tariffs andTrade (GATT) in July 1986. The organisation, formed in 1948 tointegrate the world's free market economies, now regulates 80pct of world trade.    The GATT secretariat is expected to submit a list ofdetailed questions to China next month at the start of long andcomplex entry negotiations, the diplomats said.    One diplomat said China's prospects are good, with itsapplication supported by the United States, Japan and theEuropean Community for political and economic reasons.    "The fear is that if China was refused entry, it would drawback the bamboo curtain and go back to the way it was," he said.    Another said the Soviet Union was waiting in the wings.    "If GATT accepted China, it would be hard not to accept theSoviet Union," he said.    "China's agreement will be seen as a model for the SovietUnion. GATT is not a political body."    But serious problems have to be tackled during the talks,including China's pricing system and trade subsidies.    GATT is based on free trade and aims to lower tariffs andpromote trade, with prices alone dictating who buys what.    One diplomat said it was very hard in China to establishthe real cost of goods because many prices are set by the stateand often contain subsidies.    "Even when you go in person to a factory or a company to tryto find out the real cost of something, officials do not giveyou a clear answer. The political meaning is evident. They donot want to answer," he said.    China's position, as set out in a memorandum to GATT inFebruary, is that it is gradually reforming its price system tobring prices in line with real production costs and replaceadministrative controls with market ones.    Another diplomat said countries with centralised economiessuch as Hungary and Yugoslavia had joined GATT. However, Chinawould not apply for membership on similar terms, but rather asa less developed country entitled to preferential treatment.    He added that the economies of Hungary and Yugoslavia aresmall, while China's is huge and its weight would be felt.    "It (China) is the world's number two producer of coal, forinstance," the diplomat said. "It could have a very large impacton world trade."    Another sticking point is the subsidies China pays itscompanies to export so it can earn foreign exchange to pay forvitally needed technology, equipment and raw materials.    A Japanese trader said China lost money on every tonne ofgrain it exported, because it had to make up the differencebetween a low world price and a high domestic price.    A western diplomat said an official of a foreign tradebureau of a major inland Chinese city told him export subsidiesmight be as high as 100 pct for some products.    "When I asked what the subsidy figure was for the wholecountry, he referred me to the Ministry of Finance, adding witha grin that they would not tell me," he said.    He said officials were unwilling to give figures because ofthe sensitivity of the subject.    "Unless something is done to change this, China will findmany countries in GATT putting restrictions on imports fromChina," the diplomat added.    In a major speech on the economy late last month, PlanningMinister Song Ping made an indirect reference to this problem.    "While trying to expand exports to earn more foreignexchange, we must improve economic accounting practices andreduce the cost of exports," he said.    One diplomat said China's freedom to change its foreigntrade and pricing system to bring them more in line with GATTprinciples could conflict with domestic pressures. China hassaid there will be no major price reforms this year followingwidespread discontent in 1985 and 1986 from a public used tostable prices since the Communist takeover in 1949.    "So the question is how fast and how thoroughly can Chinareform its economy?," the diplomat said. "How can it balance therequirements of GATT membership with domestic political needs?"    But he added the advantages of China's entry would in theend outweigh these problems.    "China's entry would force it to modernise and become more apart of the world economy," he said.    "Just as China would get increased access to foreignmarkets, so it would have to give more access to its domesticmarket to foreign countries." REUTER&#3;