The growing shift of low-skilledmanufacturing jobs from the United States to Mexican bordercities is not a threat to American employment because it willhelp create new markets for products, according to a studyreleased today.    Richard Bolin, director of the Flagstaff Institute ofArizona, which studies international trade issues, said theUnited States needs to encourage the expansion of manufacturingin developing countries so that those nations can becomeconsumers of more U.S. goods.    His study was commissioned by the border city of McAllen,Texas, for presentation to the International Trade Commissionwhich is gathering information for a report to Congress on whatchanges may be needed in the U.S. tariff codes to prevent theloss of jobs and industry.    McAllen and other Texas border cities have benefitted froma trend among U.S. companies to build twin plants that employfactory workers on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border.    More than 700 manufacturers are taking advantage of lenienttax codes that allow U.S. companies to bring raw goods intoMexico for assembly by low-skilled workers into products thatare completed by U.S. workers at a nearby sister plant.    Bolin said his research indicated that the shift inlow-paying jobs across the border reflected changingdemographics of the U.S. workforce.    "In the post-baby boom era, fewer workers will be availableto fill these low-skill jobs -- and these workers will bebetter educated than prior generations," Bolin told reporters inMcAllen.    "The jobs in low-tech industries that are being exported toother countries are, for the most part, jobs that we may not beable to fill in the future."    U.S. employment in less-skilled manufacturing jobs plungedby more than 900,000 between 1977 and 1982, largely due to thetransfer of jobs outside U.S. borders, he said. Americanemployment in high-tech industries increased by 634,000 duringthe same period, he said.    But high-tech industries, those in which engineers make upmore than six percent of the workforce, pay higher wages andgenerate more U.S. exports than low-tech businesses, he said. Reuter&#3;