Kuwait, a major oil producer hit by lastyear's price slump, is leaning towards a more creative monetarypolicy to help spur its economy, banking sources said.    "There is a clear emphasis on encouraging the use of moneyin productive ventures, rather than having it all tied up ininterest bearing investments which have no direct productiveoutlet," one banker said.    Kuwait's Central Bank yesterday cut one key money marketrate and abandoned another which had been used since February1986 to direct inter-bank borrowing and lending costs.    The bank reduced to six pct from 6-1/2 pct the rate atwhich it will offer funds of one month to one year in theinter-bank market. This, in turn, affected retail rates.    The cut, the third this year, followed a major overhaul ofinterest rate policy last month which Central Bank GovernorSheikh Salem Abdul-Aziz al-Sabah said was designed to revivethe economy.    One banker said "There is growing flexibility, creativity,in interest rate policy, amid an awareness of the need todiversify the economy by stimulating the non-oil sector."    For the first time in nearly three years domestic interestrates are now significantly below those for the U.S. Dollar, afavourite haven for Gulf speculative and investor funds in thepast, banking sources said.    Despite uncertainties generated by the 6-1/2 year old Iran-Iraq war on Kuwait's northern doorstep, bankers play down theprospect of any significant capital flight.    The Kuwaiti dinar, whose value is set by the Central Bankand was fixed today at 0.27095/129 to the dollar, is strongernow than for several years.    Fears that the dollar may fall further will prompt secondthoughts among Kuwaiti investors prepared to consider switchingfunds into the U.S. Currency, the sources said.    "There is a distinct exchange rate risk," they added.    Bankers said the dollar slump hurt many investors behindthe last major capital outflow in 1984, encouraged then by 18pct U.S. Interest rates and the start of Iranian attacks onneutral shipping in the Gulf.    The Central Bank calculates its dinar exchange rate againsta basket of currencies. Bankers do not know the basket's exactmake-up but say it is weighted heavily in favour of the dollar.    Some bankers believe any strengthening of the dinar beyond0.27000 to the dollar might provoke investors into shiftingfunds into the U.S. Currency. "They may ask:When will the dollarbe so cheap again?" one said.    And with dinar interest rates now roughly one pct belowthose for the dollar, they say the Central Bank faces adelicate balancing role requiring further flexibility.    Bankers said the current, expansionary interest rate policyis only part of a broader attempt to encourage local investmentand strengthen the backbone of the economy.    They estimate the economy, measured in terms of GDP andallowing for inflation, shrank 19 pct in 1986 after an 8.1 pctcontraction the previous year.    Bankers also noted recent measures to stimulate stockmarket activity, capped today by sharp cuts in brokerage feesto make it cheaper for investors to trade. REUTER&#3;