CitiCorp &lt;CCI> appears to be diggingin its heels for tough negotiations over the billions ofdollars in loans that Brazil owes to money center banks, WallStreet analysts said.    "I view it as pre-negotiation posturing," said analystCarole Berger of Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc, referring to bothBrazil and Citicorp. Brazil recently stopped paying interest onits commercial bank debt. Today, CitiCorp said its firstquarter income would be reduced by 50 mln dlrs after tax if itlists the loans as non-performing status.    Citicorp filed an 8-K form with the Securities and ExchangeCommission, indicating a material change in its financialsituation. "Citicorp is saying  you can't scare us withthreats, we'll make your loans non-performing right now,"Berger said.    The loans have to be treated as non-performing after 90days without a payment. CitiCorp said only that the situationwill be reviewed at the end of the current quarter.    Berger asserted that Brazil is doing its own politicking bytalking to U.S. regulators and trying to drive a wedge betweenU.S. and European banks.    Analyst Lawrence Cohn of Merrill Lynch and Co said it isunlikely the situation will be resolved until the second halfof this year.    "Ultimately the Brazilians are going to have to pay up onall the interest they owe," Cohn said. "The real issue is therescheduling of debt terms.    Another question is whether or not the InternationalMonetary Fund can help Brazil with a new austerity program.    Stocks of money center banks were mostly down fractions inlate dealings. One trader most stocks in the group bounced offtheir lows by midday as investors took the news in stride.    Cohn said the bank stocks may be risky until numbers onnon-performing loans are reported for each bank. But he saidinvestors looking ahead six to 12 months might want to buy atpresent levels for the "tremendous fundamental values" in thegroup.    Analyst Robert Gordon of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc saidManufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC) has the greatest exposure toBrazilian loans of any New York bank, in terms of percentage ofearnings. He said his only two recommendations currently amongNew York banks are J.P. Morgan and Co &lt;JPM> and Bankers TrustCo &lt;BT> which happen to have the least exposure.    Gordon said his positive opinion on J.P. Morgan and BankersTrust was not merely a response to the fact that the two havelower exposure to Brazilian loans than other banks.     In fact he said there's a chance those banks could get moreinvolved in the future. He noted that Morgan has already set upa brokerage subsidiary to deal in loans to less developedcountries.    "I don't see any reason to change full year earningsestimates, said Frederick Meinke, analyst at E.F. Hutton Co. Hethinks the confrontation with Brazil could end in a replay of asituation that occurred with Argentina in 1984 and 1985.    Meinke noted that in the case of Argentina the loans becamenon-accruing for a couple of quarters but then when the bankscame to an agreement with Argentina all the back interest waspaid. "What it did was distort the quarterly earnings pattern,"he said.    He said in the case of Brazil write-offs of loans is aworst-case outcome which is highly unlikely. He noted thatBrazil is a country with a diversified economy, going throughsome economic upheaval after the transition from a military toa civilian government.    "The countries of Latin America have too much debt relativeto their ability to service it," said John Mason ofInterstate Securities. "We've been fiddling around with theseproblems for five years and the hour is growing late."    He said up to now the banks have reduced their spreads, cutinterest rates internally and extended maturities and none ofthese measures has been enough. He expects re-classification ofas much as a third of the loans as non-accruing and he seespartial write downs of some loans.    Nevertheless Mason thinks the money center bank stocks could be poised for a short term rally.    A spokesman at First Chicago Corp &lt;FNB> said it ispremature to put Brazil's loans on a cash basis. "It is ourexpectation that economic development will allow Brazil to meetits debt," a spokesman said.    Bankers Trust in New York said it would be premature tomake a decision. Several other banks queried by Reuters saidmuch the same thing.    A spokesman at Manufacturers Hanover noted that of 2.3billion dlrs in loan exposure to Brazil only 1.3 billion issubject to Brazil's unilateral moratorium on repayment ofinterest.    Reuter&#3;