Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone'sunpopular sales tax plan has been defeated and although fellowpoliticians and political analysts agree he has suffered agrave loss of face only a few are willing to write him off.    Michio Watanabe, a Nakasone faction member and deputysecretary general of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, LDP,is one of those who believes he will survive.    "He's tough, he won't step down," but "will hang on to thedeath" at least until his term ends on October 30, Watanabe toldReuters.    The sales tax scheme was a mainstay in Nakasone's plans torevamp the nation's tax system for the first time in 36 years.Watanabe acknowledged that the five pct sales tax was amistake.    "It was too greedy," he said. A two or three pct tariff mighthave been easier to swallow, he said.    One popular school of thought among skeptical analysts isthat Nakasone will be remain in office at least until the June8-10 summit of industrialised nations in Venice.    A Western diplomatic observer said he believed thatNakasone would be at the summit as prime minister. But he wouldnot bet on his chances of survival up until October.    Masamichi Inoki, a senior fellow at the conservativeInstitute of Peace and Security, said he did not think Nakasonehad suffered irreparable damage.    "He will certainly hang on for the summit," Inoki said.    In any event, the general belief now is that the five pctsales tax, as championed by Nakasone, is a dead issue but thatan indirect tax, in another form, will be introduced by theLDP.    Inoki said he believed the issue would be resurrected asearly as the next Diet (parliament) meets. The current sessionfinishes on May 27.    The newspaper Tokyo Shimbun expressed another stream ofopinion, stating that Nakasone might well get another year todeal with the unfinished and unpopular business of tax reform.    The government has to find a way of generating revenue tosupport an expected glut of elderly Japanese.    And the only means of drumming up the money is to levy anindirect tax, said Watanabe, a former Minister of InternationalTrade and Industry.    The next prime minister will have to grapple with anindirect tax, and "whoever is the next prime minister won't bein the job very long," Watanabe said.    Watanabe said he doubted the next prime minister would beany of the three so-called "New Leaders," LDP secretary generalNoboru Takeshita, LDP executive council chairman Shintaro Abe,and Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa. Each of them controls apowerful LDP faction. "It will be somebody else," he said.    Political science professor Rei Shiratori of DokkyoUniversity gave one of the darkest readings on Nakasone'spolitical future.    "Soon after the Venice summit, there will be a move tochange the government by the New Leaders," Shiratori said.    "He can't fight on," he said.    He said Nakasone had a special emotional attachment to thesales tax plan as the last and most important item in Japan'spurge of policies inherited from the U.S. Occupation.    Shiratori said an indirect tax will have to be levied, but"to introduce such a tax, they'll have to change the primeminister."    Nevertheless, Shiratori said he believes Nakasone couldhang on until as late as September. REUTER&#3;