China will not increase sugar importssubstantially this year because of foreign exchange constraintsand large stocks, despite falling production and risingdomestic demand, traders and the official press said.    "Despite rapid increases in domestic production over thelast 30 years, imbalances between supply and demand continue tobe extremely serious," the Farmers Daily said. It said 1986plantings fell due to removal of crop incentives, becausefarmers could earn more from other crops and because technicaland seed improvements had not been widely disseminated.    The official press had estimated the 1986/87 sugar crop(November/March) at 4.82 mln tonnes, down from 5.2 mln a yearearlier, and domestic consumption at six mln tonnes a year.    The Yunnan 1986/87 sugar harvest was a record 521,500tonnes, the provincial daily said. It gave no year-earlierfigure. Output in Guangxi was 1.04 mln tonnes, the New ChinaNews Agency said without giving a year-earlier figure.    The Nanfang Daily said production in Guangdong provincefell to estimated 1.92 mln tonnes from 1.96 mln and that thearea under sugar was dropping.    "Supply of cane (in Guangdong) is inadequate," the newspapersaid. Processing costs are rising and the economic situation ofnearly all the mills is not good. To guarantee supply of caneis a major problem."    A Western diplomat said sugar output also fell n Fujian,south China's fourth major producer, where there was a drop inarea planted.    He said the rural sectors in Guangdong and Fujian were weldeveloped, enabling farmers to choose crops according to themaximum return, meaning that many had avoided sugar.    The Farmers Daily said a peasant in the ortheast provinceof Heilongjiang could gross 108 yuan from one mu (0.0667hectares) of soybeans and 112 yuan from one mu of corn but only70 from one mu of sugarbeet.    The paper said the profit margin of mills in China fell to4.7 pct last year from 11.87 pct in 1980.    Mills lacked the capital to modernise and they competedwith each other for raw materialsX, it added. This resulted infalling utilisation rates at big, mode{nised mills.    The price of sugar had not changed in 20 years, theofficial press has said.    Customs figures showed China imported 1.18 mln tonnes ofsugar in calendar 1986, down from 1.9 mln in 1985.    The diplomat said stocks at end-August 1986 were 2.37 mlntonnes, up from 1.92 a year earlier.    A foreign trader here said China accumulated large stocksin 1982-85 when provincial authorities were allowed to importsugar on their own authority. This practice was stopped in 1986when the central government resumed control of imports.    "As China lacked storage, much of these imports was storedin Qinghai, Inner Mongolia and other inland areas," the diplomatsaid.    The trader said transporting stocks from these areas toconsumers in east and south China was a problem, particularlyas coal had priority. "How quickly they can move the sugar isone factor determining import levels," he said.    Another factor was the quality of the harvest in Cuba,China's major supplier through barter trade, he said.    "China bought two distress cargoes last week, for about152/153 dlrs a tonne," he added. "China is not a desperate buyernow. But if the Cuban harvest is bad, it will have to go intothe open market."    A Japanese trader said Peking's major concern regardingimports was price.    "While the foreign trade situation has improved this year,foreign exchange restraints persist," he said.    The diplomat said domestic demand was rising by about fivepct a year but "a communist government is in a much betterposition to regulate demand than a capitalist one, if theforeign exchange situation demands it." REUTER&#3;