The chances of U.K. Stocks continuingrecent rises as budget euphoria gives way to the uncertaintiesof a probable election are small, and market analysts say therewill probably be a downwards correction in the next few weeks.    The U.K. Market has managed a dizzy rise since the NewYear, with the FT-SE index of 100 leading shares lifting 22.5pct since January 2 to current levels around 2050.    "Over the next month or two the odds are that the index willdrop back to around 1,900," said John Goldschmidt, head ofequities research at Chase Manhattan Securities.    "A five to 10 pct drop is likely. There was a six pct fallbefore the 1983 election when the Conservatives were furtherahead in the polls and the market was on a multiple of only 14instead of 18 now," noted Nick Knight of brokers James Capel.    "The old adage is "sell in May and go away'. That's likely toapply this year but will probably start in April," he added.    But few analysts believed a correction would spell the endof the bull run that has now lasted for some six years.    "As long as corporate profits and earnings keep on growingthen the pressure for continued rises will be there. Thereseems little prospect of the growth stopping in 1987/1988," onesaid.    Much of the recent enthusiasm has stemmed from the belief,already virtually discounted, that the ruling Conservativeswill call an election in the next few months - probably June -and sweep home to a third term in office.    Even if this does happen, however, pre-election nerves arelikely to produce the traditional effect of damping down themarket until the result is clear.    "It's likely there will be one or two hiccups of confidenceabout the Tories winning an overall majority," Goldschmidt said.    "It would be quite out of character for the market tocontinue to sail serenely upwards right through the electionand beyond," added brokers Phillips and Drew in a recent report.    The belief that the government itself is worried about theimpact of the Alliance party disrupting the usual two-cornerfight of Conservative and Labour with unpredictable results, isnot likely to give reassurance, one analyst noted.    Other factors also indicate that the market is vulnerableto a downwards correction. U.K. Stocks had ridden up partly onthe back of record rises in New York and Japan and a pause ineither suggests that London would inevitably follow suit.    There would also be little new encouragement provided bygeneral economic factors as much of the recent optimistic news,including this month's half point cut in base rates to 10 pct,is already built into prices.    "The economy is looking okay, but it can't support 20 pctincreases every three months indefinitely," one said.    Also, market liquidity, a powerful driving force behind therecent rises, shows signs of drying up under the pressure ofthe government's privatisation campaign.    The next few months will see cash calls for second tranchepayments on British Gas Plc &lt;BRGS.L> and British Airways Plc&lt;BAB.L> as well as the proposed sale of &lt;Rolls Royce Plc> andthe as-yet untimetabled sale of the government's 31.7 pct stakein British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L>.    On top of that, there will be calls from the gilt marketeven though last week's budget limited the projected 1987/88borrowing requirement to four billion stg.    "We are looking for a squeeze on cash flow, and that's notincluding rights issues which have been low so far this yearand may pick up in the second quarter," Knight said. Reuter&#3;