President Reagan's reduced strengthin Congress has been demonstrated by the U.S. Senate's decisionto approve a highway spending bill despite his attempts to vetoit, political analysts said.    "He's very weakened," said William Schneider of the privateAmerican Enterprise public policy group after the Senate voted67-33 yesterday to ignore Reagan's veto of the road bill.    Schneider contrasted Reagan's failure with his previousability to win clear majorities on major issues.    Sustaining his veto required him to win just one-third ofthe votes in either house of Congress.    It was the third consecutive fight over a presidential vetoon which Congress had defied Reagan, whose clout with thelegislature has been greatly diminished by the arms-for-Iranscandal and the capture of a majority in the Senate by theopposition Democratic party in the November 1986 election.    Congress overrode Reagan's veto of a popular water projectsbill in January and last autumn Congress rejected his veto ofeconomic sanctions against South Africa.    But this time the president laid his full authority on theline, even making a rare journey to Capitol Hill to plead forsupport in person.    With both the House and Senate in Democratic hands,analysts say Reagan is swiftly becoming a lame duck, facingdifficulties in enacting his own legislative agenda, especiallygiven the furore over the Iran arms deal.    The situation contrasts with Reagan's first six years inoffice when a Republican-controlled Senate and the backing ofconservative Democrats in the House enabled Reagan to winpassage of most of his legislative priorities.    Reagan's ability to veto legislation he dislikes had beenhis strongest weapon in dealing with Congress, but his defeaton the highway bill was expected to reduce the credibility ofhis veto power.    Senator John Chafee, a Rhode Island Republican, told theNew York Times earlier this week that if Reagan lost "there willbe no brake on -- if you suggest a presidential veto you willbe laughed away."    Yesterday's defeat came two days after the House ofRepresentatives' overwhelming rejection of a presidential vetoon the highways bill by 350 votes to 73.    White House strategists had presented the veto fight as atest of Reagan's strength as he attempted to recover from thescandal over secret arms sales to Iran.    Senate Republican leader Robert Dole of Kansas pleaded withfellow party members to back Reagan because "this may determinethe strength of the presidency for the next 21 months."    The defeat showed the problems facing any president in hisfinal years in office. Reagan's term expires in January 1989.    A majority of Republicans in the House of Representativesand 13 in the Senate apparently decided their own politicalconcerns have become more important than the president's.    "President Reagan, he ain't going to be running in 1988, butI am," Congressman Arthur Ravenel, a South Carolina Republican,said on Tuesday of his decision to back a bill that means moneyand jobs for his home district in new highway construction.    The defeat interrupted a good streak for Reagan, who wonapplause for his selection in February of former Senatemajority leader Howard Baker to replace Donald Regan as WhiteHouse chief of staff, and was believed by most politicalanalysts to have benefitted from a televised speech and a newsconference on the Iran affair last month.    A steady drop in Reagan's job approval ratings appeared tolevel off in recent weeks. The president slumped from about 65pct last autumn to about 42 pct after the Tower Commissionreport in February said he had failed to exercise propercontrol over the dealings with Iran.    His approval rating hovers at 50 pct.    Reagan said he was deeply disappointed by the Senate defeatbut "my efforts to control spending are not diminished."    Democratic leader Robert Byrd said "this isn't going to makeor break the president." REUTER&#3;