The Environmental Protection Agency(EPA) announced plans to disapprove clean-air plans for 14metropolitan areas and called for bans in those areas on newconstruction of potentially polluting facilties.    EPA Administrator Lee Thomas said in a statement the areashad not shown they could meet agency ozone or carbon-monoxideair-quality standards by the end of 1987 or soon after.    He said the proposed ban on construction would cover suchindustries as electric utilities, iron and steel productionplants, industrial boilers and petroleum refineries.    The areas affected are Chicago; the Indiana portion of theChicago area; East St. Louis, Ill.; the Indiana portion of theLouisville, Ky., area; Cleveland, Ohio; Atlanta, Ga.;Dallas-Ft. Worth, Tex.; Denver, Colo.; the California southcoast, including Los Angeles; Fresno, Sacramenta, Ventura andKern counties, Calif., and Washoe County (Reno), Nev.    Thomas also proposed major changes to existing sources ofpollution in those areas.  They would effective after a finalassessment of the area's pollution, expected late this year orearly next.    For Cleveland, the EPA also proposed a restriction onfederal highway funding and clean-air grants because the stateof Ohio did not provide for adequate testing to curb carpollutions as required by the Clean AirAct.    Thomas said:    "It is clear that the state implementation plans for theseareas will not achieve federal ozone or carbon-monoxidestandards under the deadline mandated by Congress. In thesecircumstances the Clean Air Act leaves no discretion.  I mustpropose sanctions."    The EPA estimated that another 20 metropolitan areas willfail to meet the agency's ozone standards by the end of theyear. About 70 are meeting the ozone standards.    It added that about 80 areas are now not meeting the EPAcarbon-monoxide standards, but only a few will have long-termproblems in meeting the standards.    The EPA has proposed that car-makers be ordered to installcanisters on new cars beginning in 1979 to capture pollutinggasoline vapors which escape when gas is pumped from fillingstations to a car's gas tank. reuter&#3;