Belgian Finance Minister Mark Eyskenssaid he will announce measures in the next few days making iteasier for non-residents to recoup the 25 pct withholding taxlevied on investment income in Belgium.    In an interview with Reuters, Eyskens also said he hopedthe cabinet would tomorrow approve the abolition of boursetransaction taxes for non-residents, making Brussels one of thefew stock exchanges in the world where foreign investors werenot subjected to such a tax.    He said both measures were aimed at attracting capitalimports, reducing Belgium's heavy net capital outflows.    Under the present system, non-residents pay withholding taxon their income from Belgian investments and can then reclaimit from Belgian authorities.    But financial analysts said the procedure for recouping thetax is so bureaucratic and slow that it effectively acts as abarrier to foreign investment in Belgium, especially in thesecondary bond market.    Eyskens said he was ready to "simplify and eventuallysuppress" the procedure for non-residents and would announcedetails in the next few days.    Financial analysts said the move would be far moresignificant than the imminent abolition for non-residents ofthe minimal bourse transaction taxes. These are set at threerates - 0.07 pct, 0.14 pct and 0.35 pct - according to the typeof paper transacted.    Eyskens said he hoped later to be able to abolish thetransaction taxes for residents as well, but this would dependon progress in cutting the government's high budget deficit.    He called the current 25 pct level of witholding tax "muchtoo high" and said he hoped to reduce it in the longer term,perhaps as part of an overall reform of Belgian tax.    But he added this would have to be done progressivelybecause of its budgetary impact. The tax raises 170 billionfrancs a year in revenues, he said.    Eyskens envisaged a cut to a basic 15 pct, after which arate could be set for each new security issued.    He said that as well as aggravating net capital outflows,the high rate of withholding tax also meant the treasury wasforced to borrow at higher interest rates.    But he said it was politically impossible to reduce taxeson investment income before those on earned income had been cutas part of the tax reform, planned for late 1980s. REUTER&#3;