A committee of the InternationalMonetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank said protectionistagricultural policies of industrial countries were a majorcause of depressed global commodity prices.    The joint Development Committee, in a communique releasedfollowing day-long discussions, said an improved environmentfor commodities was extremely important to the long-termviability of developing countries.    The committee also criticised the slow-down in lending todebtor nations.    Poorer countries, which rely primarily on raw commoditysales to industrial nations to pay their debts, have beenhighly critical of protectionist agricultural policies in theUnited States, Western Europe and Japan.    "Ministers identified protectionist agricultural policies asa major cause of distortions including depressed commodityprices on world markets, of surplus production and of budgetarydrain," the communique said.    The communique, delayed because of disputes over specificlanguage, was the final statement by the IMF and the bank afterweek-long semi-annual meetings of the two lending agencies.    Earlier, the IMF's powerful Interim Committee added itsvoice to growing criticism of delays by commercial banks oncritically needed loan packages for debt-laden developingcountries.    The committee said it welcomed the exploration of newprocedures and financing techniques that will help mobilise newfinancial support for indebted countries.    On Thursday, U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker, in astatement to the policy-making committee, said commercial banklending to debtor nations last year was disappointing and moreflexibility in loan programs was needed.    "Doubts about financing can clearly undermine the resolve tocarry out needed reforms," Baker said.    The Development Committee also joined in the criticism,noting that there had been a declining flow of capital to thedeveloping countries that "has been particularly significant inthe case of flows from commercial banks."    A number of bank negotiations are bogged down over detailsincluding financial packages for Mexico, Nigeria and Argentina.    The banks, acknowledging it has been difficult to completedeals, say part of the blame goes to the developing countriesfor not making sufficient reform to make them good creditrisks. REUTER&#3;