The U.S. Army has delayed plans tobuy a European anti-aircraft missile to help protect U.S.ground forces from Soviet attack helicopters, DefenseDepartment officials said.    The Army has been considering buying some British Rapiermissiles or French and German Roland missiles as a stop-gappartial replacement this year for the flawed U.S. Sgt. YorkDivision Air Defense (DIVAD) gun which was canceled in 1985.    Despite recent indications by the service that it intendedto buy the missiles soon, defense officials told Reuters afinal decision had been suspended because some Army officialsfavored a more versatile gun-missile combination.    The gun-missile combination would open the competition wideto U.S. firms.    "The missile option is on hold now and no decision has beenmade," said one of the Pentagon official, who asked not to beidentified.    "There is some sentiment to take things more slowly and seeif we can avoid a stop-gap system until we can come up with anintegrated system of our own," said another official.    Army Lt. Col. Craig McNab said, however, that Ronald andRapier "are not out of the picture by a long shot."    There has been strong sentiment in the Army to reject amissile only and to opt for a more versatile combination gunand missile system mounted on a tracked vehicle.    Such a move would throw the competition wide open to U.S.firms, including General Electric Co &lt;GE>, Boeing Co &lt;BA>, FMCCorp &lt;FMC> and Martin Marietta Corp &lt;ML>.    But some Pentagon officials have expressed fears that an"off-the-shelf" gun-missile combination could not be fieldedquickly enough.     Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger canceled the Sgt. Yorkgun, made by Ford Motor Co &lt;F> Aerospace and CommunicationsCorp, after the Pentagon had already spent 1.8 billion dlrs onthe system and then decided it could not shoot down attackhelicopters at the proper range.    The Army later expanded the division air defense concept,announcing it would divide the system into five differentcomponents for the 1990s at a cost of more than 10 billiondlrs, including a missile and gun-system combination on atracked vehicle.    Reuter&#3;