Norway will extend its 7.5 pct cutback inplanned North Sea oil output in support of OPEC from July 15until the end of this year, Oil Ministry spokesman Egil Helletold Reuters.    "We took a very positive view of the OPEC meeting in Vienna,"he said. "The accord reached there means stability in the oilmarket and we shall continue making our contribution."    The cuts, originally brought in from February 1, wouldprobably be officially approved on July 10 by parliament, Hellesaid. The ministry had written to Norway's oil companies andwould now discuss with them how best to implement the cuts.    OPEC agreed this weekend in Vienna on an output ceiling of16.6 mln barrels per day (bpd) for the rest of 1987 andretained the fixed prices that were set in its December accordbased on an 18 dlr per barrel reference point.    OPEC's first half 1987 output ceiling was 15.8 mln bpd, andit's December pact had provisionally set a third quarterceiling of 16.6 mln bpd, rising to 18.3 mln in the fourthquarter.    Norway, which pumps around one mln bpd from its offshorefields, previously said it would continue its output curbs fromplanned production for the rest of the year if OPEC remainedwithin its December accord on output and prices.    Norway's oil production rose 10 pct to an average of around840,000 bpd in 1986. Since then it has risen to around one mlnbpd, and is expected to reach about 1.5 mln bpd by 1995.    The 7.5 pct cut from planned production implemented sinceFebruary reduced Norway's oil output by about 80,000 bpd.    Norway's Oil Minister Arne Oeien, currently in Iceland fora meeting of Nordic ministers, has made no official statementon the latest oil production cutbacks.    Over the past year several other leading non-OPECproducers, including the Soviet Union, Mexico, China, Malaysiaand Egypt have also pledged support for OPEC's bid to keepprices stable.    Norway decided on the initial round of cuts following anOPEC agreement last December which boosted oil prices to around18 dlrs per barrel from around 14 to 15 dlrs last December.    Norway relies on oil for about 40 pct of its total exportearnings and was hit hard by the collapse in the oil priceduring the first half of 1986.    But firmer oil prices since then have brought somestability to the economy and helped narrow the foreign tradedeficit.     Norway's North Sea neighbour Britain has consistentlyrefused to cooperate with OPEC output cuts saying it is up tothe producing oil companies to set the levels of production. REUTER&#3;