Heavy buying by speculators boostedConrac Corp 7-7/8 to 29, higher than a 25-dlr-per-share cashtender offer announced by Mark IV Industries Inc &lt;IV>.    "It's a case of ChemLawn euphoria," said one arbitrageur,referring to a recent hostile tender that began at 27 dlrs pershare and ended when ChemLawn Corp &lt;CHEM> found a white knightwilling to bid 36.50 dlrs.    For Conrac, the arbitrageur said, 28 dlrs per share seemedlike an "appropriate price." Another said "it's too early toproject the outcome."    "The market is speaking for itself and saying the 25 dlroffer is inadequate," the second arbitrageur said. But he addedit was hard to make a case for Conrac being worth much morethan the 29 dlrs where the shares traded today.    He noted the stock recently sold in the high teens andthere could be a downward risk of 10 dlrs or more if Conrac isable to thwart Mark IV.    Conrac urged shareholders to take no action while its boardstudies the offer and confers with advisers. Conrac said itwould make a recommendation by April 17.    A third arbitrageur noted Mark IV had been involved inseveral takeovers previously and has proven itself to be adetermined bidder. "They're not beginners," he said.    Another said Conrac might have trouble if it tried to findanother buyer. "It's a hodge-podge of non-related businesses,"he said. "There is only a small universe of people who wouldwant to own the company as it's presently structured."    Conrac is involved in video displays, computer software,aircraft instruments, telephone answering machines, weldingequipment and other products.    "I'm telling retail clients to sell and leave the rest forthose who can take the risk," said Rudolph Hokanson, analyst atMilwaukee Co.    He called the 25-dlr offer by Mark IV "fair value but onthe low side." "I don't think management was looking for abuyer in any way before this offer," he said.    Hokanson said Conrac has conservative finances and hasdeveloped a reputation for quality products that serve nichemarkets. He said management has done a good job of turningaround the telephone answering machine business. Reuter&#3;