Mexico's 7.7 billion dlr loan packagewill be signed in New York tomorrow amid increasing calls fromboth creditors and debtors for a streamlining of the tortuousprocess of raising such jumbo loans, bankers said.    Pressure for change has mounted because the Mexican dealhas been even more difficult to syndicate than bankers feared.    Several tentative signing dates had to be scrapped and evennow, five months after the loan was agreed with a 13-bankadvisory committee on October 16, dozens of Mexico's some 400creditor banks worldwide are still refusing to participate.    The resistance to the deal must be seen alongside the factthat it is the largest loan for a Latin American debtor sincethe region's debt crisis flared up in 1983. Mexico will alsosign agreements to reschedule 52.3 billion dlrs of debt.    Moreover, as the first major package built on U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker's strategy of offering loans to countrieswilling to implement market-oriented, pro-growth policies,intense market scrutiny was only to be expected.    Still, the split within the banks' ranks came as a shock."This is not an unsuccessful operation, but we've had morebickering than ever," one senior banker commented.    Officers at small banks that have sold, swapped or orwritten down their Mexican loans say they see no reason whythey should throw good money after bad.    Major lenders counter that small banks must share theresponsibility of making new loans and cannot expect to keepreceiving interest on old debt unless they join in new ones.    Assistant U.S. Treasury Secretary David Mulford saidrecently the reluctance of small banks at one point endangeredthe entire Mexican package. Things have improved, but moneycenter bankers are determined to keep hounding recalcitrantbanks even once the 7.7 billion dlr target has been reached.    The loan presently is about 98.5 pct committed. "People whoare outside shouldn't think they've been saved once we get over7.7 (billion dlrs)," one warned.    But rounding up "free-rider" banks entails such a hugedrain on management resources that more and more bankers areacknowledging that the syndicates may have to shrink.    One idea is to levy new loan contributions on the basis ofcurrent exposure instead of outstandings at an earlier "base"date - August 1982 in the case of Mexico. Another streamliningidea is to allow small banks to escape by swapping their loansfor "exit bonds" that a debtor would issue at a discount.    Argentina has pressed for this solution, so far to noavail, arguing that the smallest 120 of its 360 bank creditorsaccount for just one pct of its foreign bank debt and that thenext 120 banks account only for a further six pct.    Central bank president Jose Luis Machinea said Argentinamay not receive the 2.15 billion dlrs in bank loans it isseeking until September, which would be a year afternegotiations began with the International Monetary Fund.    The protracted negotiations have damaged the confidence ofinvestors in Argentina, forcing up interest rates and spurringcapital flight, he said.    "We have to introduce some common sense into thediscussion," Machinea said this week in Cambridge, Mass.    He was echoed by Mexico's deputy planning minister, PedroAspe Armella, who said the delay in signing his country's loanhas made it difficult to map economic policy with anycertainty. "It's a sad affair," he told the Cambridge meeting.    Bankers said Mexico became so frustrated with the delay inthe loan that it suspended its debt-equity swap program lastmonth to put pressure on the banks. Other strains haveintensified between U.S. and non-U.S. banks, partly becauseU.S. regulations and accounting rules discourage writedowns.    Critics say this prompts U.S. banks to focus too much onensuring steady interest payments from debtors in the shortterm, possibly to the detriment of longer-term solutions.    Because more than half of the banks baulking at the Mexicandeal are American, some foreign bankers think other U.S. banksshould make up the difference.    This issue of "national share" was defused on the Mexicancommittee but bankers say it will probably recur in talks withArgentina and Brazil, whose finance minister Dilson Funaro hasalready suggested separate negotiations with regionalcommittees of creditors.    Streamlining of the new-money process is running parallelwith efforts to develop a broader "menu" of alternatives to newloans, such as trade credits or debt-equity conversions.    "We must face the fact that greater flexibility in devisingnew money packages may, in effect, be essential to future banksyndications," Mulford said last week. He told the banks tostop complaining that there is no leeway in current proceduresand to come up with ideas. Some steps have already been taken -interest payments for Chile have been stretched out and banksare debating whether to accept partial interest payments fromthe Philippines in paper instead of cash.    Because the banks want to isolate hard-line Brazil byclinching a deal with Argentina as soon as practicable, bankerssaid the Argentine package is likely to be along theestablished lines of the Baker Plan.    But some bankers are speculating that the Brazilian deal,when it comes, will be radically different.    As such, the loan for Mexico could go down in the historybooks as the biggest but also the last jumbo. "I'm convincedit'll be the last one in this form," one banker said. Reuter&#3;