The Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) willlist yen bond futures contracts once the U.S. Commodity FuturesTrading Commission gives its approval, which could come withinsix months, CBOT chairman Karsten Mahlmann said.    Mahlmann earlier told a press conference he would visitKyoji Kitamura, director-general of the Finance Ministry'sSecurities Bureau, to express the CBOT's concern that Japanesefinancial institutions and individuals are not permitted totrade on the CBOT. Mahlmann is on a two-week tour of Hong Kong,Tokyo and Sydney.    Mahlmann urged Japan to boost Tokyo's status as a worldfinancial center by promoting the internationalisation of itsfinancial industry.    The Finance Ministry is expected to allow local banks,securities houses and insurance companies to use overseasmarkets from this month, bond market sources said, butofficials would only say the issue was under study.    Initially, the ministry is likely to bar corporate andindividual investors due to their relative inexperience, and tolimit trading to instruments like currency, stock indexes, timedeposits and government debt futures, the sources said.    Mahlmann told reporters the CBOT will start evening tradingto coincide with Far East morning activity on April 30. But headded night sessions would not preclude the CBOT from forminglinks with Far Eastern exchanges, although nothing had beendecided.    Asked what type of financial futures would be appropriate,he cited products concerning debt and equity.    The CBOT evening session will run from 6:00 to 9:00 P.M.Chicago time (2300 to 0200 GMT), which is 8:00 to 11:00 A.M. InTokyo, and trading will be limited to four contracts -- U.S.Treasury note and bond futures and options, he said.    Yen bond dealers said a proposed link between CBOT and theLondon International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE),combined with yen bond futures listings on both, would multiplyvolume if trade was encouraged by Tokyo-based orders.    Healthy liquidity growth in cash yen bond markets overseasis a prerequisite for expanded futures trading, traders said.    LIFFE plans to list yen bond futures should go ahead fromSeptember, possibly coinciding with the CBOT, traders said.    The CBOT applied for permission to offer a long-termJapanese government bond futures contract on March 17, and theauthorities must rule on the request within a year. REUTER&#3;