Phillips Petroleum Co Chairman C. J."Pete" Silas said his company's stock, ranked fourth on themost active list of stocks traded today, rose partly because ofsteps it took to pare its debt.    Silas told Reuters in an interview today, "part of thisstrength results from the rise in oil prices and also becausesome of the analysts have been happy with the steps we've takenin 1986 to pare our debt."    Phillips stocks rose 1/4 to 14 dlrs a share followingrecommendations by some oil analysts, a company source said.    Phillips debt stood at 5.9 billion dlrs in December 1986down from a 1985 high of 8.6 billion dlrs, analysts said.    "At 14 dlrs a share, Phillips is priced closer to the actualprice of oil," he added.    Silas said, "if the analysts are right that oil prices willrise to 20 dlrs or higher, then it seems to make sense to buyPhillips." He is, however, more cautious about the strength incrude prices, expecting the price to fluctuate between 16-18dlrs a barrel for the year.    Oil industry analysts said one reason for the stock'spopularity of the stock is that it traded at a strong discountto its appraised value and was attractively priced for smallinvestors.    Charles Andrew, an analyst who follows Phillips for John S.Herold Inc of Greenwich, Conn said that the appraised value ofthe company, based on available data is 34.25 dlrs.    "The stock is trading at about 1/3 its appraised value. Thecompany has tremendous leverage and if it can get its acttogether and if oil prices are steady to higher there is goodroom for improvement," he said.   But, he added, "if oil prices turn lower, there will be alot of pressure on Phillips."   Phillips' shares fell as low as eight dlrs a share over thelast 52 weeks with a 1987 low of 11-3/4 dlrs in 1987.   Analysts say that the appraised value of the company could berevised due to asset sales of their oil and gas reserves.   Silas told Reuters that the asset sales which amount toabout two billion dlrs for 1986 were completed and that nonewere planned. Reuter&#3;