The Soviet Union's winter graincrop is likely to have suffered losses due to dry plantingconditions last fall and severe cold this winter, an analyst ofworld weather and crop conditions said.    Grain analyst and meteorologist Gail Martell, author of theEF Hutton publication "Global Crop News," said in her latestreport that the Soviets may import more grain, possibly wheat,from the U.S. due to potential crop damage.    "Compared with last year, the outlook (for the Sovietwinter grain crop) is far more pessimistic," she said. "Butit's still too early to talk about disastrous losses. A lotwill depend on spring weather, not only for the outcome of thetroubled winter grain crop, but also for spring planting."    Martell said the dry weather conditions last fall probablyprevented optimal seed germination for winter grains. Key wheatgrowing areas of the southern Ukraine and North Caucasusreceived on 25-35 pct of autumn precipitation, she said.    The bitter winter cold temperatures -- which broke recordlows that had stood for four decades -- also may have taken itstoll on Soviet winter crops, she said.    However, she noted that most of the southern grain belt hadample snow cover, which should have well-insulated the majorityof crop areas from severe frost damage.    The USSR has already bought 20 to 21 mln tonnes of grainsin the July 1986/June 1987 marketing year, primarily fromCanada, the European Community, Argentina and Australia,Martell said.    She cited a number of reasons besides possible cropproblems that might point to additional Soviet import demand.    Last fall's dry weather may limit livestock grazing onmoisture-depleted pastures, while the cold winter weathernecessitated supplemental feeding to keep livestock healthy.    Martell was also skeptical of a Soviet claim for a 1986grain harvest of 210 mln tonnes, and said the Chernobylaccident may have contaminated more grain than originallythought and have to be made up with imports.    However, she said the U.S. remains a supplier of lastresort for the Soviet Union, noting that the Soviets have onlyjust recently begun their first U.S. grain purchases of the1986/87 season by buying 2.25 mln tonnes of corn.    Martell cited USDA statistics showing that since the 1980grain embargo the U.S. is only a major supplier of grain to theUSSR during years of heavy Soviet demand.    In 1984/85, the U.S. supplied 41 pct of record Soviet grainimports of 55.5 mln tonnes. But in 1985/86, the Soviet Unionbought 29.9 mln tonnes of grain and turned to the U.S. for only24 pct of that total.    While the USDA Soviet import target for grain for 1986/87was 22 mln tonnes, many U.S. grain analysts have revised theirestimates of Soviet imports up to 25-28 mln tonnes, she said. Reuter&#3;