Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp may havemore difficulty combining its two railroads than fending off apossible takeover by Henley Group &lt;HENG>, which has accumulatedalmost a five pct stake in the real estate and railroadconglomerate, analysts said.    Takeover speculation has surrounded Santa Fe since Henleydisclosed its stake in the company earlier this week, butanalysts and a Santa Fe official were skeptical a takeover isits intention.    Analysts also said the company has strong defenses thatwould easily deter any suitor - one of those being its problemscombining its two railroad properties, which hang in regulatorylimbo.    Richard Fischer of Merrill Lynch and Co Inc said that SantaFe at December 31 had 580 mln dlrs in cash and cashequivalents, while its long-term debt to capital was just over25 pct. "This gives them plenty of borrowing power," he said,which could be used against an unwanted suitor.    Henley Group's Chairman Michael Dingman has said he wantsto take major positions in undervalued natural resourcecompanies. He also told Reuters in an interview he is seekingan acquisition of from two billion to eight billion dlrs.    Santa Fe officials don't appear concerned that Henley mightlaunch a takeover. "I would not characterize the atmospherearound here as one of concern," one Santa Fe executive saidabout Henley.    "I think it's wrong to assume Dingman has formed a firmstrategy with Santa Fe," said Mark Hassenberg, who coversHenley for DLJ Securities.    Analysts say the potential of Santa Fe's land assets arelikely to be realized slowly. They add that Santa Fe's effortsto merge its two railroads remain in regulatory limbo,sidetracking many of its strategic plans for the foreseeablefuture.    These realities, they said, support the Henley Group'sstatement that its Santa Fe stake is only an investment.    The more pressing problem facing Santa Fe is overcomingdifficulties in merging its two railroads, the Atchison, Topekaand Santa Fe Railway Co and Southern Pacific Transportation Co.The merger would create the nation's second-longest railroad.    Last July the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) deniedthe merger on anticompetitive grounds.    The company since has granted trackage-sharing rights tofour western railroads to meet the ICC's concerns and persuadeit to reopen the hearings in its three-year-old struggle tomerge the lines.    "My guess is the commission will decide in three to sixweeks whether to reopen hearings," Fischer said.    "I believe they've made an effort to satisfy the ICC'sobjections," he said. "But in doing so they haven't pleasedeveryone. Before they had Burlington Northern on their side,now Burlington is opposed to the way trackage rights are setup."    If the hearings are reopened, analysts predicted it willtake six to nine months for everyone to have their say, and upto another year for the ICC to decide.    Santa Fe is in the midst of a 50-mln-share stock buybackprogram begun in 1984. It has bought back 33.7 mln shares as ofFebruary 1, when it had 154.7 mln shares outstanding, aspokesman said.    Among the shares repurchased were two stakes owned byNorfolk Southern, one of 3.4 mln shares bought in 1986 andanother of 1.7 mln shares in 1985, one analyst said.    James Voytko at Paine Webber believes Santa Fe could fightoff the Henley Group with its cash and credit. Citing the sharebuybacks from Norfolk Southern, he said one of Santa Fe'soptions, if threatened, could be to buy the Henley stake.    "It is indeed possible that Dingman sees this as alow-risk, opportunistic investment," Voytko said.    "People who follow Santa Fe have given me values of 45 dlrsto 50 dlrs a share," said DLJ Securities' Hassenberg. "But I'mcertain that in Dingman's mind, the company is worth more thanthat in breakup value." Reuter&#3;