President Reagan said Paul Volcker hasdeclined to serve another term as chairman of the FederalReserve Board, the U.S. central bank. Reagannominated economist Alan Greenspan in his place.    Volcker's term expires in August.    Reagan, in a brief announcement in the White House briefingroom, said he accepted Volcker's decision "with great reluctanceand regret."    Volcker, first appointed to the Fed post by President JimmyCarter in 1979, said "there is a time to leave and a time tocome ... I have no feeling I was being pushed."    Volcker, appearing with Reagan, Greenspan, and TreasurySecretary James Baker in the briefing room, said he will remainon the job until Greenspan's nomination is approved by theSenate.    In a tribute to a smiling Volcker standing beside him,Greenspan told reporters that one of the departing chairman'sgreatest achievements was reducing inflation.    "It will be up to those of us who follow him to be certainthat those very hard won gains will not be lost. Assuring thatwill be one of my primary goals," Greenspan said.    Financial markets reacted with dismay at the departure ofVolcker, who has been widely credited with holding the line oninflation and seeking to maintain stability in currency values.    Immediately following Reagan's announcement, the U.S.dollar weakened sharply against all major currencies and boththe bond and stock markets declined.    But Greenspan told reporters he thought the dollar, whichhas fallen sharply over the past year, has reached its lowpoint.       "There certainly is evidence in that direction," Greenspansaid when reporters asked if the dollar has bottomed out.    The market reaction was probably exaggerated by surprisebecause the announcement followed a number of published reportsthat the White House had decided to reappoint Volcker.    Volcker's tenure at the Fed began under the cloud of majorinflation under Carter with consumer prices rising more than 10per cent annually and the prime interest rate exceeding 20 percent.       With Reagan's backing, Volcker pursued a tight money policythat cut inflation to about three per cent annually and reducedinterest rates to their lowest level in nearly a decade.    The tight money policies were also blamed for producinga deep recession in 1981 and 1982 that caused major politicalproblems for Reagan.    Reagan reappointed Volcker to the chairmanship in 1983.       Greenspan, who heads his own Wall Street consulting firm,was chairman of President Ford's Council of Economic Advisersfrom September 1974 until January 1977.    Greenspan, a Republican, is considered a traditionalconservative economist and has been an adviser to severalpresidents. Reuter&#3;