International Business MachinesCorp said it formed a new business group to sell and supporttelecommunications products.    Called the Telecommunications Marketing and Serviceorganization, IBM said the group combines the U.S. directsales, service and support operations of its Rolm Corp unitwith the marketing support operations of its InformationSystems Group.    IBM said the new group is responsible for direct sales,installation and service of the Rolm product line as well asother IBM telecommunications products.    IBM acquired Rolm, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker oftelephone swichboards and other telecommunications equipment,in 1984.    Analysts in the past have criticized IBM for not movingfaster to integrate Rolm's telecommunications products with itscomputer systems.    But Edward E. Lucente, an IBM vice president and groupexecutive of the Information Systems Group, said in astatement, "This is an important step toward providing a singleIBM marketing and service organization to increase our focus onour customers' telecommunications products needs."    IBM said Jack W. Blumenstein, a Rolm vice president andhead of its Business Communications Group, will take charge ofthe new telecommunications organization, which will operate asa unit within the Information Systems Group.    Blumenstein was named an assistant group executive of theInformation Systems Group and he will report to Lucente, IBMsaid.    IBM said the new organization will oversee the technicaland marketing support of Rolm and IBM telecommunicationsproducts but will not be responsible for sales and marketing ofIBM gear.    IBM said Rolm will retain responsibility for the worldwidemanufacture and development of Rolm products. Rolm will alsocontinue to direct the sale of its products by Rolmdistributors in the United States and overseas.    At the same time, IBM said its Communications ProductsDivision will continue to direct the worldwide development andU.S. manufacture of IBM's non-Rolm telecommunications products.    Dennis D. Paboojian, Rolm's president, will continue toreport to IBM senior vice president Allen J. Krowe, IBM said. Reuter&#3;