Nigeria and France have signed abilateral agreement to reschedule Nigeria'sofficial debt to France, government sources said.    The accord was signed here yesterday by Nigerian FinanceMinister Chu Okongwu and senior French Treasury officials aftertalks with CoFACE, the French export credit agency, they said.    The agreement came after a similar agreement with Britainthis week and follows an accord between Nigeria and the ParisClub of western creditor governments in December to reschedulesome 7.5 billion dlrs of official debt.    The Paris Club multilateral agreement concerned medium andlong-term debt due between September 1986 and end-1987 over 10years with five years grace.    As with all Paris Club rescheduling accords, specificinterest rates and other details have to be negotiated on abilateral basis with the creditor countries involved. Nodetails of the discussions here were immediately available.    The agreement signed on Tuesday with Britain's ExportCredits Guarantee Department was the first in Nigeria's tour ofcreditor nations. Okongwu left Paris today for London and isdue back in Nigeria on Monday, diplomatic sources said.    Nigeria is hoping that further bilateral accords can beconcluded soon as this could encourage official export creditagencies to renew insurance cover for exports to Nigeria.    CoFACE suspended its cover for medium and long-term exportcontracts with Nigeria in 1983, but maintained its cover forcurrent trade deals involving consumer goods with six-monthcredit periods, CoFACE sources said.    "We have an open position regarding Nigeria," the sourcessaid, adding that it was for French Finance Minister EdouardBalladur to decide whether to renew full insurance cover.    Nigeria is due to receive 900 mln dlrs in fresh exportcredits this year from official agencies under a structuraladjustment program drawn up by Nigeria and the World Bank toreschedule part of the country's 19 billion dlr foreign debt.    But these credits cannot be approved until the exportcredit agencies agree to resume insuring the credits.    French exports to Nigeria were 3.42 billion francs in 1986,down from 4.94 billion in 1985, while Nigeria's exports toFrance were 5.63 billion francs in 1986, down from 15.33billion in 1985. Details of Nigeria's official debts to Francewere not immediately available. REUTER&#3;