The tug-of-war over who pays to developnew weapons--contractors or the government--is likely to leadto more writeoffs by defense firms, analysts said.    Singer Co &lt;SMF> and Northrop Corp &lt;NOC> recently announcedplanned second quarter writeoffs related to costs of majordefense programs under fixed-price government contracts.    "It's a case of companies paying for things that in adifferent environment the Defense Department would have paidfor," said Howard Mager of Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette SecuritiesCorp.    In recent years, the Defense Department, DOD, has increasedcompetitive bidding for weapons contracts and has askedcontractors to pay more of the costs of developing weaponsprograms.    The moves have helped cut waste and abuse by contractorsbut have also dictated that the firms assume much more risk,analysts said.    "It's a stricter environment," said Anthony Hatch of ArgusResearch Corp. "Contractors are absorbing more of the cost andmore of risk and that's likely to be the trend for some time tocome."    The trend will probably lead to further writeoffs, theanalysts said. Programs most prone, they agreed, are theAdvanced Tactical Fighter, ATF, a new generation,high-technology fighter plane being developed for the U.S. AirForce, the C-17 air transport plane and the Light HelicopterExperimental, LHX, under development for the Army.    Other programs may also be affected, they said.    The Air Force is expected to order 750 of the advancedfighter planes in the 1990s at a cost of up to 40 billion dlrs,analysts have said. Two teams of contractors are competing fora contract to develop a prototype ATF.    Lockheed Corp &lt;LK>, General Dynamics Corp &lt;GD> and BoeingCo &lt;BA> are teamed in competition against Northrop Corp &lt;NOC>and McDonnell Douglas Corp &lt;MD> on ATF.    The two teams fighting for an award to develop the LHX areBell Helicopter, a unit of Textron Inc &lt;TXT>, coupled withMcDonnell Douglas, and United Technologies Corp's &lt;UTX>Sikorsky paired with Boeing.    The C-17 is a four-engine transport plane. McDonnellDouglas's Douglas Aircraft Co is working on two test planes,and a production award for up to 210 of the aircraft should bemade by late 1989, a Douglas Aircraft spokesman said.    Under the government's new procedures, contractors canspend hundreds of millions of dollars on development and  typically recoup their investments during production.    But now the government sometimes awards production to asecond contractor who did not develop the system. GeneralElectric Co &lt;GE>, for example, developed the F404 engine forthe Navy. But two weeks ago, the Pentagon awarded 30 pct ofF404 production to United Technologies' Pratt and Whitney.    Such tactics have increased competition but the governmentnow risks decimating the industry by making it too competitive,said Michael LaTronica of Redding Research Group.    "Two years ago, defense contractors were their own worstenemies. They were not cost efficient," LaTronica said. "NowDOD has allowed the situation to swing so far back the otherway that you may be in danger of losing the defense industry asa national resource."    While the nation as a whole has posted trade deficits inrecent years, aerospace and defense has exported more productsthan it imported, he noted.    LaTronica and others said, however, that changes ingovernment procurement may be coming.    "I hear that the Pentagon is looking into the situation,"said John Diamantis, defense analyst at Pershing and Co.    He said that some small defense electronics firms believethe Pentagon will begin re-evaluating procurement policy andperhaps start paying more development money.    Redding Research's LaTronica, who still likes the industrydespite the probability of additional unforeseen writeoffs,said, "There's been a swing in sentiment. The defense bashingpsychology of the last few years is starting to shift."    LaTronica noted that one government official has recentlysuggested that the winner of the ATF prototype award should getsole production of the plane for a specified time.    The investments are large. The Lockheed, General Dynamics,Boeing ATF team, for example, is spending 691 mln dlrs just todevelop the prototype.    The danger the Pentagon runs if changes are not made isthat companies will hesitate to bid to develop a program butinstead will wait for a second source production award.    "But it may take a company going bust to really changepeople's thinking," LaTronica said. Reuter&#3;