China opened its fifth securities marketyesterday, in Tianjin, but share issues and share trading areno longer on the agenda of economic reform, official newspapersand Western diplomats said.    One Western diplomat said share issues are on thebackburner because they are ideologically too sensitive.    The People's Daily said last month that trading shares is"not compatible with socialist materialist civilisation."    The newly opened market traded bonds in four state-ownedfirms and buyers outnumbered sellers, the China Daily said.    China's first securities market since 1949 opened lastAugust in Shenyang, followed by markets in Shanghai inSeptember and in Peking and Harbin this year. They trade mostlybonds.    "Bonds are all right. There is no risk to the holder andthere is no question of his having any ownership stake in thefirm," the diplomat said.    The People's Daily article said joint stock companies mightnot be the way to reform large and medium-size state firms northe model for reforming China's ownership system.    Share issues would make the workers owning them think onlyof the economic advantage of their own firms, rather than thenation as a whole, the People's Daily said.    As late as December, officials were pushing the idea ofshare issues as a way to channel excess cash in the economyinto production, reduce the state's investment burden andmotivate share-owning employees to work harder.    In November, Liu Hongru, deputy governor of the People'sBank of China, told a delegation from the New York StockExchange that a long-term funds market should be built up, "withstocks and bonds issuance as the main form."    "Stocks and bonds should be issued through banks, trust andinvestment companies ... The transfer of securities should beconducted through financial institutions ... The opening up ofsecondary markets should be studied after trials andexperiments," Liu said.    The subject of share issues and trading was widely coveredin the official press last year, usually in a positive way.    One of the most far-reaching proposals came from a Pekinguniversity professor. He said all but essential state firmsshould become joint stock holding companies, with the stateholding a controlling share that could be as low as 33 pct.    The professor argued this would separate governmentadministrators from managers of the firms, a key goal ofChina's reforms. He said his plan would make the companiesindependent units under a board of directors.    The diplomat said the dropping of share issues may be theresult of conservative backlash since the January resignationof reformist Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang. He said shareissues raise sensitive questions: "What happens if the valuefalls? People are not used to this and may be dissatisfied.What happens if a person gets very rich through shareownership? The government does not want disparity in income."    One Chinese journalist said conditions are not ripe forwidespread share issues. "In China, the success or failure of afirm does not entirely lie within its own hands. There are manyexternal factors beyond its control," he said. "To make sharepurchasing attractive, you need a secondary market and perhapsspeculators," he said. "But speculation is not acceptable inChina."    Asked if there are political reasons for putting asideshare issues, he said that in China economics and politicscannot be separated.    "There is a very major review of the economic reforms goingon. There are political factors involved," the journalist said."If the economy runs well this year, the political pressure willbe less."    Comments by officials of the new Tianjin market echoed hiscaution. The China Daily quoted one official as saying Chinadoes not intend to develop stock exchanges equivalent to thosein the West while it has a socialist economic system. "Given thespecial circumstances of our country, we must approach the newphenomenon in a contemplative and comprehensive way so as toguide trading onto a healthy track," he said. REUTER&#3;