Sugar which EC producers plan to sellinto intervention may be offered by the European Commission forsale within the Community, broker C. Czarnikow says in itslatest sugar review.    The Commission will propose to offer the sugar at a verynominal premium of 0.01 European Currency Unit (Ecu) to theintervention price, with detrimental consequences forproducers' returns, Czarnikow says. The move is seen as anattempt to persuade the producers to take back the surrenderedsugar.    The Commission may also take other steps to dissuadeproducers from their chosen course, such as removing the timelimit on storage contracts, which presently means thatintervention stocks have to be removed by the end of September,Czarnikow says. There is also the possibility of productionquotas being reduced.    If the Commission decided to offer the sugar to traders forexport, the restitutions would have to be higher than those atrecent export tenders, Czarnikow notes. To match the differencebetween the EC price and the world market price, the extracosts might be as much as 20 Ecus per tonne, it says.    The producers might have to repay these costs throughproduction levies and the proposed special elimination levy,Czarnikow says, but it would be several months before any costscould be recovered under EC rules.    The primary cause of the plan to sell 775,000 tonnes ofsugar into intervention in France is dissatisfaction with theEC export program as the restitution has increasingly failed tobridge the gap between the EC price and the world market price,Czarnikow notes. The French move is thus seen as a form ofprotest designed to force the Commission's hand.    In West Germany, 79,250 tonnes have been tendered forintervention, but Czarnikow says the motive here is to ensurethat the 1986/87 price is paid for sugar that was produced in1986. In addition to a two pct cut in the intervention price,West German producers face a further price reduction in Julywith a probable revaluation of the "green" mark.    Even if the immediate crisis is resolved, the problem isnot expected to disappear permanently. It has appeared totraders for some years that the EC's export policy isinsufficiently responsive to changing patterns of demand, itsays.    The weekly tenders should respond to fluctuating demand byincreasing or reducing the tonnage awarded, Czarnikow says,suggesting that the Commission might also take steps to cutdown the amount of "unnecessary bureaucracy" surrounding theexport tender system. Reuter&#3;