The rally Wednesday in U.S. interestrate futures left the Treasury bond contract above the top of athree month trading range which signals a bullish chartbreakout, financial analysts said.    In addition, sluggish U.S. economic data and little signthat the economy will pick up its pace in the near future maybe enough to send bond futures to all-time highs, the analystssaid.    "The market is paying more attention to the weakened stateof the economy right now," said Refco analyst Mike Connery.    Connery said the four pct drop in January U.S. factoryorders reinforced sentiment that first quarter economic growthwill be slow.    Connery and other analysts noted that talk of a cut in theLombard rate after sluggish West German industrial productionfigures also provided some support.    "The domestic economies of the major trading partners ofthe U.S. may deteriorate to such an extent that they will beforced to ease," thus paving the way for a more accomodativeU.S. credit policy, added John Michael, analyst at FirstOptions of Chicago.    Michael pointed out, however, that trimming the U.S. tradedeficit -- the ultimate aim of the recent meeting of majorindustrial countries -- may not necessarily aid bond prices.    "The surplus (for exporters to the U.S.) is bullish forbonds because they (exporters) have a lot of dollars. Ratherthan translate those into their own currencies and sufferexchange rate risk, they buy dollar-denominated instruments,"Michael said.    Indeed, futures traders with cash bond connections saidsome of the late strength in the bond market resulted frombuying by Japanese interests.    But the analysts said the heavy buying in futures occurredafter the June bond broke above stiff resistance at 101-2/32.    "The breakout is pretty important," said chartist LeslieKeefe of Technical Data Corp of Boston. "Not only did bondsclose above recent highs but they were also above the sidewayspattern we've been in for the last three months."    Also positive on a technical basis was the fact that theJune bond contract held chart support early near 100-4/32, andthat the rally occurred on heavy volume, Keefe said.    Keefe said the next level of significant chart resistancewill be at 101-24/32 to 101-28/32. Furthermore, "we still havethe April (1986) highs to contend with," which in the nearbycontract is 105-15/32.    Michael said the breakout projects gains to 103 in JuneT-bonds and "there is an outside chance to reach 106."    Keefe warned, however, that confirmation also is neededfrom other technical indicators such as relative strengthindexes and short-term momentum indicators.    "Without them, sustained strength is in question," Keefesaid. Reuter&#3;