A North Sea oil find announced by ChevronCorp's &lt;CHV> Chevron Exploration North Sea Ltd may indicate anew field with recoverable crude oil reserves of 300 mlnbarrels, industry analysts said.    Chevron said a sidetrack well on block 16/26 on the U.K.Continental shelf tested 9,000 barrels per day (bpd) of 20 APIcrude oil from the tertiary "Alba" sand through a three-inchsurface choke.    "The estimated amount of oil at the Alba field is around 320mln barrels," Paul Spedding of stockbroker Kleinwort Grievesonand Co told Reuters.    He said industry estimates put the total reserves at thefield at over one billion barrels, but given the low gravity ofoil, the recovery rate would be expected to be around 20-25pct.    Analysts said the results were encouraging, but thepotential difficulty of operating and recovering oil in thefield was shown by the fact that the first well had to beplugged and a sidetrack drilled.    "The field seems to be shallow and widespread, which willrequire a multi-platform development in recovery, pushing costsup," Christopher Osborne of stockbroker Hoare Govett said.    Most analysts said that although the low gravity of the oilfound would require additional costs in recovery, the test wellshowed that it flows well.    "Although the gravity of oil at the field seems to be low,it seems to flow quite well and around 300 mln barrels could berecovered," Carol Bell of Phillips and Drew told Reuters.    However, Chevron officials declined to comment on theanalysts' reserve estimates. They said that without furtherresearch and drilling in the area this summer, they would notdisclose any reserve figures.    Analysts said that if the field were declared commercialand developed, there would be a ready local market for theheavy crude it produced.    "Most refineries are now upgraded to refine heavy oils andthe price differentials between heavy and light crudes are alot narrower today," Osborne said.    Chevron operates the block on behalf of 16 companies whichinclude British Petroleum Development Ltd, DSM Hydrocarbons(UK) Ltd, Enterprise Oil (TNS) Ltd, Marathon Int. Pet. (GB) Ltdand Phillips Petroleum Co U.K. Ltd. Reuter&#3;