Higher world oil prices, coupled with anew realism ushered in by austerity, could lift Saudi Arabia'seconomy after five years of falling revenue and growing budgetdeficits, bankers and diplomats said.    The months ahead will prove critical as the governmentattempts a balancing act between defending higher oil pricesand fostering recovery through a bigger role for the privatesector.    Economists said oil earnings could recover this year toabout 20 billion dlrs and nominal gross domestic product couldgrow by about three pct, the first rise since 1982.    But the economists said this will be possible only if theOrganisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) succeedsin defending world oil prices and if Saudi Arabia is not forcedto curtail output for too long.    Saudi Arabia is now keeping production down to defendOPEC's newly-established 18 dlr a barrel benchmark price.    Oil Minister Hisham Nazer told Reuters output is running atabout three mln barrels per day (bpd), well down on SaudiArabia's OPEC quota of 4.13 mln set for the first half of 1987.    King Fahd has stamped his personal authority on OPEC'snew-found determination to defend prices in a move Westerndiplomats believe underlines the kingdom's need to secure astable source of income for its economy.    Saudi Arabia, still the world's largest oil exporter, is ahugely wealthy country. But the past five years of decliningrevenue have taken their toll. Economists estimate grossdomestic product fell 10 pct last year and 8.6 pct in 1985.    Oil revenue last year, when prices briefly dipped below 10dlrs per barrel, probably totalled no more than 17.5 billiondlrs, compared to a peak 101.8 billion in 1981.    "Austerity is still the watchword, but Saudi Arabia will notbe allowed to dip further into recession ... The Saudis canafford to draw down reserves temporarily to offset the worsteffects," a diplomat said.    In the short-term, the kingdom can lessen the impact oflower oil revenues and a gaping budget deficit by drawing onforeign reserves, still put at around 100 billion dlrs.    But such a policy cannot be pursued indefinitely. Bankersand diplomats said it would amount to fiscal recklessness inthe longer term.    It also increases the dominance of the public sector at atime when the government is publicly urging private enterpriseto take over the lead role in the economy.    Bankers and diplomats said the government is well aware ofthe risks attached to this policy but is determined to "tough itout" on the oil front even if that means a short-term depletionof reserves.    The 1987 budget deficit is targetted at a huge 52.7 billionriyals or 31 pct of total outlay. The budget explicitlyrecognises the need to draw down reserves while foreignborrowing has been ruled out.    Commerce Minister Suleiman Abdulaziz al-Salim told Saudibusinessmen this week the government had carefully consideredthe need to stimulate the economy when drawing up its budgetplans late last year.    "It therefore took the bold step of withdrawing more than 50billion riyals from its reserves and pumping it into theeconomy," he said.    Reserves were built up during the late 1970's and early1980's when Saudi Arabia's breakneck pace of construction andtales of high spending became legendary.    The shrinking economy has wrought huge changes in thefabric of the Kingdom's private sector where poor managementhad gone unpunished in the easy days of the oil boom.    Modern techniques of cost control have been introduced,markets expanded and outsized labour forces and inventories cutback. The expatriate workforce has fallen sharply.    The number of new bankruptcies appears to be declining butSaudi banks, hit hard by non-performing loans to the corporatesector, have become highly selective in extending new credit.    Government moves to encourage lending and investigatecompany complaints about late public sector contract paymentscould boost confidence but recession has slowed the nation'sindustrialisation program and discouraged foreign investment.    Private wealth is still very high and banks report more andmore cash being placed on deposit.    As Saudi Arabia attempts to shift the weight of economicdevelopment from the public to the private sector, one of thebiggest tasks will be to convince businessmen to channelpersonal savings into industrial projects within the kingdomand refrain from the temptation to invest abroad. REUTER&#3;