Western creditorgovernments have reached agreement in principle on newproposals for easing the debt burden of sub-Saharan Africancountries, British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawsonsaid.    He told journalists the accord, reached in the so-calledParis Club of western governments, calls for rescheduling thedebts of sub-Saharan African countries over very long periodsand on very favourable terms.    The proposals will be put forward for discussion at ameeting of the International Monetary Fund/World BankDevelopment Committee in Washington next week, he said.    Lawson said that under the proposals countries could have15 or 20 years to repay their debts along with have a graceperiod.    But he added the favourable terms would not be offeredindiscriminately to all nations in the region but granted on acase-by-case basis.    The Paris Club groups Western governments -- as opposed tocommercial banks -- which are owed money by poorer nations.    Lawson was speaking after an informal gathering of EuropeanCommunity finance ministers and central bankers held to preparefor discussions on international monetary issues and ThirdWorld debt at next week's spring meetings of the IMF and WorldBank.    French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur said he hadinsisted at the gathering that developed countries takeadequate account of the problems facing poorer nations thatwere trying to put their ailing economies in order.    He told journalists he would be unveiling new proposals fordealing with the Third World debt problem in  Washington.    He declined to give details but Belgian Finance MinisterMark Eyskens, who hosted the talks, indicated that Balladur'sproposals involved giving a greater role to a World Bank fundused to compensate developing countries for falls in the pricesof their main commodities.    "The French ideas got a very sympathetic welcome," Eyskenstold a news conference.    He said the European Community felt a new IMF(International Monetary Fund) report which forecastsinflation-adjusted economic growth of just 2.5 pct in theindustrialised world this year, compared with 3.1 pct expectedlast autumn, was slightly too pessimistic.    Many economists believe industrialised countries need togrow by at least three pct a year if the world debt is to bebrought under control.    Eyskens added the Community wanted to give "certain nuances"to the IMF report that would be constructive for dealing withthe Third World debt problem.    However, Italian sources quoted Italian Treasury MinisterGiovanni Goria as calling it scandalous that the meeting heredid not include a discussion of what he called the problem offalling world demand.     He complained that West Germany was refusing to do enoughto boost demand while the United States, suffering from amassive trade deficit, was unable to do anything in thisdirection. REUTER&#3;