U.S. oil traders said Texaco Inc'sfiling for protection under the Chapter 11 bankruptcy code isadding uncertainty to an already skittish oil market, butopinions are divided on the impact to the market.    "The filing is holding up wet barrel trading today," saidone trader. "Everyone is talking about it, assessing theircompany's situations in relation to Texaco," he added.     Some traders said companies that deal with Texaco areconcerned about whether they will receive payment or suppliesunder the bankruptcy filing.    However, others were less worried. "The first paid will bethe trading community and those connected with Texaco in theshipping industry," one New York trader said.    "If Texaco doesn't get crude supplies it can't run itsrefineries, so its other assets would not be worth anything,"he added.    Texaco filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S.bankruptcy code yesterday after failing to reach a settlementwith Pennzoil on an 11 billion dlrs court award for illegallyinterferring with Pennzoil's proposed purchase of Getty Oil Co.    However, others were less worried. "The first paid will bethe trading community and those connected with Texaco in theshipping industry," one New York trader said.    "If Texaco doesn't get crude supplies it can't run itsrefineries, so its other assets would not be worth anything,"he added.    Texaco filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S.bankruptcy code yesterday after failing to reach a settlementwith Pennzoil on an 11 billion dlrs court award for illegallyinterferring with Pennzoil's proposed purchase of Getty Oil Co.    "There is some reluctance to trade with Texaco but no greatchange," said another trader, adding that traders are tendingtoward prudence in their dealings with the company.    Traders are assessing whether to require cash prepayment orletters of credit, or to continue to trade as usual with Texacoon an open line basis, he said.    Another trader, however, described today's activity asbusiness as usual, adding that traders feel more secure becauseno liens can be put on Texaco's assets while it is inbankruptcy.    Traders said there was no apparent effect of the Texacofiling on crude futures trading although they said the exchangemight lower Texaco's position limit and require higher marginsfor Texaco's trades.    New York Mercantile Exchange President Rosemary McFaddendeclined to comment on Texaco's futures trading, saying that isis proprietary information. McFadden did say, however, that asa matter of procedure, it is possible the exchange can lowerallowable position limits or increase margin requirements forcompanies that are in financial trouble. Reuter&#3;