The Bank of Japan is satisfied with theyen around its current range, a senior central bank officialtold reporters.    He said the pledge by major industrial nations in Parislast month to cooperate to hold exchange rates around currentranges applied in both directions, a dollar fall or a dollarrise.    Unilateral intervention itself cannot ensure currencystability, but it can be useful when coordinated with otherpolicies and with other central banks, he said.    The Bank of Japan is rather confident currency stabilitywill continue for some time, the senior bank official said, butdeclined to be more specific.    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told parliament on Fridaythe current dollar/yen exchange rate is not necessarilysatisfactory for the Japanese economy.    Asked what factors might destabilize the markets, theofficial cited a lessening of market fear about intervention, acompletely unexpected change in the economy of Japan, the U.S.Or West Germany, or resumption of comments by governmentofficials seeking to talk the dollar up or down.    The senior bank official said he expects Japan's grossnational product (GNP) to grow three pct or slightly more inthe fiscal year beginning in April. That would be littlechanged from the performance expected this year.    Domestic demand may grow nearly four pct in 1987/88, butthe external sector will have a negative impact on GNP ofnearly one percentage point, he said.    He said there was virtually no room for further monetarypolicy action to boost the economy. The economy's performancein the future very much depends on fiscal policy, he added.    The central bank's monetary policy has already done itspart in stimulating the economy, the senior bank official said.The Bank of Japan has cut its discount rate five times over thelast year and a half.    Although the central bank does not see any imminent risk ofinflation, there could be some problems in the future, he said."We are sitting on a barrel of powder, but fortunately it maystill be wet," he added.    Liquidity among private households and especially thecorporate sector has increased substantially, he said.    The liquidity is the reason for the recent boom of stockexchange prices, the bank official said. This inflow of fundsinto the stock exchange, occurring also in other countries, maycontinue, he said.    The senior official said the Bank of Japan is hopingFederal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker will be re-appointed whenhis current term expires later this year.    "He's a great man," the official said, adding that more andmore people expect his reappointment.    Turning to exchange rates, the official said thesubstantial drop in the dollar is beginning to have an effecton reducing the imbalance in world trade, even though theimpact has taken longer than expected to show through. Even theU.S. Trade position has begun to feel the impact, although sofar it has not been very strong, he said. REUTER&#3;