Carl Icahn's bold takeover bid forUSAir Group &lt;U> has clouded the fate of Piedmont Aviation Inc,which was being courted by USAir.    Yesterday, Icahn's Transworld Airlines Inc &lt;TWA> made a 1.4billion dlr offer for USAir Group. The move complicated a USAirtakeover offer for Piedmont, which was believed to be close toaccepting the bid.    Today, USAir rejected Icahn's 52 dlr per share offer andsaid the bid was a last-minute effort to interfere in itstakeover of Piedmont. Icahn was unavailable for comment.    Piedmont fell one to 68-5/8 on volume of 963,000. TWA wasoff 3/8 to 31-1/2. USAir fell 1-3/8 to 47-3/4 as doubt spreadit would be taken over.    Analysts and market sources view the TWA bid as an attemptto either trigger a counter offer from USAir or to attract asuitor who might want both airlines once they merged.   "The next move is either Icahn starts a tender offer orPiedmont and USAir announce a deal," speculated one arbitrager.    Some arbitragers said there is now some risk in the currentprice of Piedmont since it is not clear that USAir's bid willsucceed.    Piedmont's largest shareholder and other suitor, NorfolkSouthern Corp &lt;NSC> has offered 65 dlrs per share for thecompany. USAir offered 71 dlrs cash per share for half ofPiedmont stock, and 73 dlrs per share in stock for the balance.    Some arbitragers, however, believe the depressed price ofPiedmont offers a buying opportunity since the airline isdestined to be acquired by someone. USAir, they said, is theleast likely to be bought.    Icahn, who has long talked about further consolidation inthe airline industry, also offered USAir the alternative of athree-way airline combination, including TWA and Piedmont.    But Wall Street has given little credibility to Icahn'soffer, which lacked financing and was riddled withcontingencies.    Still, he has succeeded in holding up a merger of twoairlines - both of which analysts said would fit well with TWA.    "You can't discount him," said one arbitrager.    Analysts, however, said Icahn would have to prove he isserious by following through with his threats or making a newoffer. In making the offer for USAir, Icahn threatened to godirectly to shareholders for 51 pct of the stock at a lowerprice if USAir rejected his offer.    "It's clear Icahn wants to sell and he's bluffing," saidone arbitrager.    Analysts said the 52 dlr per share offer was underpriced byabout six dlrs per share.    Some analysts believe Icahn's proposed three-way airlinecombination might face insurmountable regulatory hurdles, butothers believe it could be cleared if the companies areacquired separately.    "TWA would have to be the surviving company for the deal towork," said one analyst.    Analysts said such a merger would be costly andcomplicated. TWA has the best cost structure, since Icahnsucceeded in winning concessions from its unions.    In order for the other carriers to come down to TWA's wagescale in a merger, TWA would have to be the surviving entity,analysts said.    Such a move does not necessarily free Icahn of TWA, theysaid. They said he showed skill in reducing Ozark Airlines'costs when he merged it into TWA last year, and he might be anecessary ingredient for a merger to work.    However, other analysts speculated the managements ofPiedmont and USAir would not tolerate Icahn as head of a newcompany. They said a USAir acquisition of TWA might be a wayfor him to exit the company if USAir's airline is then mergedinto TWA. Reuter&#3;