South Korea has decided on major changesin its trade, investment and finance policies aimed at reducingthe growth of its balance of payments surplus and avoiding atrade war with the United States, Deputy Prime Minister KimMahn-je said.    Kim told reporters the excessively fast rise in exportscould make South Korea too reliant on exports, increase&#127;nflation and produce trade friction. The policy shift, whichmeans abandoning Seoul's goal of rapidly reducing its foreigndebt, was worked out at a series of ministerial meetings.    Kim, who is also Economic Planning Minister, said thecurrent account surplus, previously expected to exceed eightbillion dlrs this year, would be held at about five billiondlrs by increasing imports, accelerating market liberalisationand rationalising exports.    He said Seoul would try to limit its current accountsurplus to around five billion dlrs a year for the next fewyears, although trade volume would continue to grow.    "This will gradually reduce the ratio of the surplus to GNP(gross national product) from the current five pct level tothree pct by 1991," he added.    Koo Bon-yong, an aide to Kim, said South Korea's foreigndebt had been expected to fall below 40 billion dlrs by the endof 1987, against the initial forecast of 41.8 billion, and 44.5billion dlrs at end-1986.    "But now (with the policy changes) the debt is expected toremain above 40 billion dlrs, although it could still be lowerthan the originally projected 41.8 billion dlrs," he said.    The policy change was announced two days before thescheduled arrival of U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrigefor talks with Trade Minister Rha Woong-bae.    South Korea is under U.S. Pressure to reduce its bilateraltrade surplus, which rose to 7.4 billion dlrs last year from4.3 billion dlrs in 1985.    Kim said the policy changes were also prompted by the swingin South Korea's current account to a surplus of 2.06 billiondlrs in the first quarter of 1987 from a deficit of 438 mlndlrs in the same 1986 period. First quarter 1987 exports rose36 pct to 9.4 billion dlrs.    The government would make foreign currency loans worth 2.5billion dlrs to firms willing to import capital goods, rawmaterials and equipment, preferably from the U.S., He said.    "The foreign currency-based loans, which carry interest at1.5 points above LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate), areconsiderable incentives given to increase imports," Koo said.    Koo said the loans would be repayable in foreign currency."It means they could become interest-free loans if the Koreancurrency continues to rise in value," he said.    He said the South Korean won would be revalued against thedollar gradually, but added "We do not believe in rapid one-shotchanges in the value of the won."    The won, fixed at 839.70 to the dollar today, has risen sixpct against the dollar since the beginning of 1986. REUTER&#3;