A cut of about half a percentage pointin Dutch official interest rates is still in prospect, althougheconomists said the timing would depend on Bundesbank moves.    Speculation has been rife that the Dutch Central Bank,encouraged by a strong guilder/mark relationship and widepremiums for Dutch money and capital market rates over German,might lower rates without the Bundesbank moving first.    Last month, the Central Bank lowered its special advancesrate to 5.1 pct from 5.25 pct after the Bundesbank dropped itsrepurchase tender rate to 3.55 pct from 3.8 pct.    That rate has remained in force, just holding above thefive pct official secured loans rate which governs commercialbank borrowings.    Given a strong guilder, a further fall in the West Germanrepo rate would trigger a lower special advances tariff,forcing an official Dutch rate cut, analysts said.    In February, when the Bundesbank cut its discount rate tothree pct from 3.5 pct, the Central Bank only lowered moneymarket rates and removed a surcharge over the secured loansrate on lending under its three month credit quota.    Since then, however, both the Central Bank and FinanceMinistry have made it clear they favour lower official rates.    In April, Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said hewould follow any Bundesbank cut, and last week the FinanceMinistry expressed satisfaction when it raised 2.25 billionguilders with a six pct coupon state loan priced at 100.10 pctfor an effective yield of 5.98 pct, the lowest since 1965.    Technically, analysts said, there has to be a differencebetween the secured loans rate which applies to lending underthe credit quota, and the tariff on special advances which addextra liquidity to the money market.    Bank economists and dealers said a West German move tofurther lower the rate on securities repurchase pacts wouldresult in the Central Bank easing the special advance rate,provided the guilder/mark relationship permitted.    The Central Bank aims to keep the guilder stable around itsparity value within the European Monetary System of 112.673guilders per 100 marks.    Today, foreign exchange buying pushed the mark up 10guilder cents to 112.705 guilders per 100 at the fix, a levelthat would not permit a change in the interest ratedifferential between West Germany and the Netherlands, dealerssaid.    An economist at ABN Bank said he expected West German andDutch interest rates to ease in the short term. However, hesaid new wage agreements in West Germany had raised inflationexpectations which would put upward pressure on interest ratesin the longer term.    In the Netherlands, the inflation outlook for 1987 is nil,or even negative, while the latest official economic forecastspoint to a falling rate of economic growth.    "It will depend on the outcome of collective wage agreementnegotiations here whether there could be cost push inflation,"the ABN economist said.    He said Dutch money supply growth, which ran at 3.4 pct inJanuary, could also contribute to some inflation.    At Amro Bank, a leading analyst said inflation could run totwo pct next year. The bank expects Dutch capital market rates,currently averaging around 6.1 pct, to stop easing in thesecond half of this year and stabilize around 5.6 pct.    Analysts said an official rate cut could trigger a buyingspree on the bond market which would bring yields down,probably only temporarily, while money rates could fall belowfive pct.    Currently, all periods are traded at 5.12 to 5.25 pct inthe money market. REUTER&#3;