The budget presented by Chancellor ofthe Exchequer Nigel Lawson was described by MPs and analysts asbeing politically astute, combining tax cuts and fiscalprudence which promised to boost the Conservative government'sstanding with both voters and financial markets.    The 1987/88 budget contained a two-penny cut in thestandard rate of tax, and a three billion stg reduction in thePublic Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR), to 4.0 billion stg.    Parliamentarians said the budget would pave the way for afall in domestic interest rates and an early election.    Conservative MP Anthony Beaumont-Dark said the budget "isnot glamourous - but it is sound and sensible."    Lawson told journalists later that it was "a budget built onsuccess, for success."    But opposition MPs did not agree .    David Steel, leader of the Liberal Party, said "this was astrangely deceptive budget.    The Chancellor had six billion stg to give back - he haschosen to give half of that to reducing the PSBR, whereas we inthe SDP/Liberal Aliance think it would have been wiser to usethose revenues to reduce unemployment and alleviate poverty."    Steel said "the cunning thing in this seductive budget isthat all the good things will come in the pre-election period -the fall in interest rates, the fall in mortgage rates, thelower income tax, relatively cheaper whisky, beer, cigarettesand petrol."    David Owen, the leader of the Social Democratic Party (SDP)which with the Liberals make up the centrist Alliance grouping,said "this is a good attempt at an electioneering budget but ithas failed in its objective. It has given money to the "haves" asopposed to the "have-nots."    Labour leader Neil Kinnock called it "a bribes budget."    Kinnock said the budget "had little to do with the generalgood, and everything to do with the general election."    Roy Hattersley, the Labour Party's Treasury spokesman, said"the Tories should have used available resources to invest inindustry, in health and in education."    He added that "we know that whoever is elected (to power inthe next general election) will reverse these tax cuts."    But Lawson rejected that. Rather, he said the Treasuryexpected to have at least 3.0 billion stg in fiscal 1988/89 foruse in cutting taxes or raising public spending.    Lawson rejected claims by opposition MPs that thegovernment would be forced to call an election by adeteriorating economy.    In his financial statement to Parliament, Lawson had saidthat "the setting for this year's budget is more favourable thanit has been for many years. We are now entering our seventhyear of steady growth and the fifth in which this has beencombined with low inflation. The public finances are sound andstrong, and unemployment is falling."    He said that "these are the fruits of the government'sdetermination, in bad times as well as good, to hold firmly toour policies of sound money and free markets."    Lawson later said the Government felt no compulsion toplump for an early election.    Asked by political journalists what effect the Budget wouldhave on election timing, he replied "I think we will hold theelection either late or early. I must confess I am ratherrelaxed about it all.    "There is not any compulsion to go for an early election.    But he added that "if the Prime Minister decides to go foran early election, it will bring to an end all this ratherridiculous pre-election atmosphere and fever - and there issomething to be said for that."    Industry also welcomed Lawson's budget. Confederation ofBritish Industry (CBI) President David Nickson said "This budgetwill reinforce business success. Lower government borrowingmeans lower interst rates for business. This is what the CBIwanted."    "We have always said we would judge the budget on how itaffects the cost of borrowing. This should do the trick." REUTER&#3;