Today's turmoil in the U.S. Financialmarkets, with bond and stock prices tumbling in the dollar'swake, is evidence of a major shift in investor psychology thatis likely to spell more turbulence ahead, economists said.    For two years, the markets had hailed the dollar's declineas the cure-all for the U.S. Trade deficit. Interest rates fellsharply and Wall Street became a one-way street, up.    But that confidence is now cracking as the financialmarkets suddenly believe Fed chairman Paul Volcker'soften-repeated warnings about the risks of a dollar collapse.    "Volcker's been saying for a long time that a dollarfreefall would be extremely dangerous - now he's got it," saidDavid Jones, economist at Aubrey G. Lanston and Co Inc.    The dollar fell below 144 yen today for the first time in40 years as the Group of Seven finance ministers in Washingtonfailed to convince the foreign exchange market that they have acredible strategy for redressing global trade imbalances, shortof further depreciation of the dollar.    Bonds suffered their biggest one-day drop in months amidworries that the dollar's slide will rekindle inflation, scareaway foreign investors and force the Fed to tighten credit.    The inflationary fears boosted gold bullion by more than 12dlrs to a 1987 high of 432.20/70 dlrs an ounce, while the spikein interest rates pulled the Dow Jones Industrial Average downby 33 points to 2339.    Norman Robertson, Mellon Bank chief economist, called themarkets' instability frightening. He believes economicfundamentals do not justify the bearishness but said that "onceyou start the ball rolling it's difficult to stop."    "There's a stark possibility that you could get adestabilizing drop in the dollar that forces up interest ratesand drives us into recession. The markets are in a panic."    Stephen Marris of the Institute for International Economicsin Washington, has been warning for a long time that thecontrolled decline of the dollar since peaks of 3.47 marks and264 yen in February 1985 could turn into a nightmare.    "We're still more or less on track for a hard landing... Butthe agony may be fairly drawn out," Marris told Reuters.    Marris does not expect the crisis to peak until later thisyear, but he warned that the situation is so fragile that itwould take very little to touch off what he calls the secondphase of the hard landing, whereby a loss of confidence in thedollar pushes up interest rates and leads to a recession.    The stock market's reaction today and its sharp drop onMarch 30 shows how the loss of confidence could come about.    The fact that it has not happened yet is consistent withhistorical experience, which teaches that domestic markets arenot affected until a currency is in the final stages of itsdecline, Marris said. He has forecast a drop to about 125 yen.    Marris felt that a major impetus for the dollar's latestweakness was the loss of credibility that central bankssuffered when they failed to prevent the dollar from fallingbelow 150 yen, the floor that the market believes was set aspart of the G-7 Paris agreement in February.    Robertson at Mellon, by contrast, said the loss ofconfidence was triggered last week when Washington announcedplans to slap 300 mln dlrs of tariffs on Japanese electronicimports, raising the specter of a debilitating trade war.    Many economists believe that long-run stability will notreturn to the markets until the root cause of the trade gap isaddressed - excessive consumption in the U.S., Reflected in themassive budget deficit.    But in the short term, given the failure of the G-7 and ofcentral bank intervention, some feel that the Fed will have nochoice but to tighten credit to restore faith in the dollar.    "The only thing that will stop the dollar falling is asubstantial increase in the discount rate and a correspondingcut abroad, at least by Japan," said Lanston's Jones.    Marris expects the Fed to act quickly to raise interestrates, even at the risk of increasing the debt burden forAmerican farmers, Latin American governments and others.    But Robert Giordano, chief economist at Goldman Sachs andCo, scoffed at the notion. "It's ridiculous to think the FederalReserve will raise interest rates when the dollar is weakagainst just one currency. This is yen strength, not dollarweakness," he said.    Giordano said the market was ignoring the progress beingmade toward reducing the U.S. Budget deficit.    "We're going to have one of the biggest reductions in thebudget deficit relative to GNP in history this year, and nobodycares," he said, noting that only the deficit cut in 1968-69will have been greater.    He said he does not expect the dollar to collapse andthinks interest rates are likely to fall back later this year.    But for now, market psychology has changed so abruptly thata further drop in the bond market cannot be ruled out. "Put onyour helmets," Giordano said. REUTER&#3;