The worst may be just about over forJapan's battered economy but economists said they do not expecta vigorous recovery anytime soon. Japanese bank economistspolled by Reuters said the economy's 18 month-old slowdown islikely to end in the first half of this year, helped by risingexports, stepped-up government spending and falling prices. "Theeconomy will bottom out in the middle of the year," saidSumitomo Bank Ltd chief economist, Masahiko Koido.    Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd senior economist SusumuTaketomi agreed. "It (the bottom) is in the offing," he said.    But he added that the recovery will be slow. Growth in thefiscal year beginning next month will only pick-up 2.2 pct,from two pct in the current year, he said.    Signs that the economy has just about weathered the worstare increasing.    The volume of exports in the first two months of the yearrose slightly on a year-on-year basis, after declining towardthe end of last year.    Although this may be due to extraordinary factors such as asharp rise in car exports to rebuild depleted European stocks,several economists said it could mark the beginning of arecovery.    Industrial production fell 0.7 pct in January, much smallerthan expected, and is forecast by the government to rise 0.3pct in February and 2.6 pct in March. A Bank of Japan surveyreleased last week showed that the decline in Japanesecorporate earnings may be nearing its end.    And the Paris currency accord last month has fostered hopesthe rapid yen rise has come to the end, they said.    Six nations - the U.K., Canada, France, Japan, the U.S. AndWest Germany - pledged in Paris last month to stabilisecurrencies around current levels.    The yen's 40 pct climb against the dollar over the last twoyears has hit the export-driven economy hard, by forcing itscompanies to raise prices and lose sales in the U.S. Market.    "The important thing is the exchange rate," Taketomi said.    If it stabilises firms will grow more confident and raiseinvestment in plant and equipment, although there are no signsof that yet, economists said.    A stable yen would also help exporters regain some of theircompetitive edge just as the U.S economy may be starting torecover, economists said.    Domestically, the economy may get a boost from someloosening of the government's tight fiscal policy said HaruoMuto, manager of national economics at the Bank of Tokyo Ltd.    The next reading of the economy's health should come earlynext week with the release of gnp figures for the last quarter,1986.    Most private economists expect a rise of about 0.5 pct fromthe previous quarter. In the third quarter, GNP rose 0.6 pct.    But a senior government official said the fourth quarterfigures could surprise by showing a rise of more than one pointquarter-on-quarter. But he added that would be a statisticalaberration and not a significant shift in economic activity.    To maintain year-on-year growth of around 2.5 pct, theeconomy would have had to rise about 1.2 pct in the fourthquarter as the final quarter of 1985 was strong.     The rise in the fourth quarter of 1985 was probably astatistical anomaly that was repeated in the final months of1986, the official said.    Economists said the fourth quarter figures were alsodistorted by the government's sale of gold coins in the secondhalf of 1986.    Because the coins were classified as legal tender, theirpurchase did not show up in the statistics on consumerexpenditure. Consumer spending also tailed off in Decemberbecause of bad weather and smaller-than-normal end-yearbonuses, they said.    As the government had to buy back some of the coins fromretailers because they were unsold, the government'scontribution to the economy in the fourth quarter may have beenboosted, economists said.    Taketomi said it may have received a further boost fromgovernment buying of farm products as the domestic crop lastyear was good.    The senior government official said the fourth quarterperformance of the domestic sector was probably worse thangenerally expected, while that of the external sector wasbetter. REUTER&#3;