General Motors of CanadaLtd, wholly owned by General Motors Corp, said it is planning a450 mln Canadian dlr retooling and modernization of its21-year-old Ste. Therese, Quebec, plant and has received 220mln dlrs in interest-free government loans for the project.    GM Canada said the Canadian and Quebec governments are eachproviding a 110 mln dlr loan for the upgrading.    The company said much of the investment will be used tobuild a paint complex, which will make the plant competitivewith other GM plants in the U.S. and Canada.    The 450-mln-dlr investment includes the cost of retoolingthe plant to assemble front-wheel drive Chevrolet Celebritycars, which will be produced at Ste. Therese, beginning in May,GM Canada said.    "With the new paint complex and tooling, our plant will befully modernized to be world competitive," GM Canada presidentGeorge Peapples told a news conference.    He said construction will begin this year on the modernbase coat/clear coat paint complex, which will provide enhancedcolor standards and improved paint quality, he said.    The Canadian government said the modernization willguarantee continued long-term employment for about 3,500assembly line workers at the Ste. Therese plant and for about4,300 people employed in supply jobs in Ontario and Quebec.    "Without our participation...we faced the prospect oflosing this plant," said Michel Cote, Canadian minister ofregional industrial expansion.    Cote said he expected 3,100 new supplier jobs will becreated by the increased production in Ste. Therese.    The project will transfer the company's front-wheel drive"A" car production to Ste. Therese from Oshawa, Ontario andwill not increase the Ste Therese plant's capacity, GM Canadasaid.    It said it has produced 2.5 mln vehicles at the Ste.Therese plant since 1965.    The paint plant is expected to cost 200 to 250 mln dlrs andbegin operation in two years, Peapples told reporters after theannouncement.    The retooling included in the project had been announced inDecember but the company had not put a value on the retoolingcosts, he said.    Peapples estimated the interest-free loans could save GMCanada about 60 mln dlrs at a 10 pct interest rate.    He said the loans are repayable in full in 30 years if GMkeeps the plant open. If the company closes the plant in the1990s, it will have to pay the federal and provincialgovernments a total 75 mln dlrs of the loan by 1991.    Peapples said GM Canada asked for the government loansbecause, due to an expected overcapacity in the auto industryin the 1990s, the company was not prepared to take the risksinvolved in the investment by itself.    GM Canada said the level of support offered by thegovernments is consistent with aid provided to auto assemblersin the U.S.    Peapples said the company expects very strong demand in thenext decade for the type of mid-size, front wheel drive carthat will be produced at Ste. Therese.    Cote added that GM Canada's 1985 sales of 18.5 billion dlrsrepresented four pct of Canada's gross domestic product. Reuter&#3;