In the fast paced personal computerindustry, millions can be made in six months, and such anopportunity may exist now for companies seeking to capitalizeon the delay of a new IBM software standard.    When International Business Machines Corp &lt;IBM> announcedits new generation of personal computers, the PS/2 family, inApril, it also decided to establish a new operating system forthe machines, a death sentence for the billions of dollars ofsoftware now in use on the existing system.    Because IBM is the world's largest computer company - some70 pct of the world's computers bear the IBM logo - mostindustry analysts, and even IBM's competitors, expect thatwithin two years the new operating system, called OS/2, will beas commonplace as the current standard, MS-DOS, is now.    "By 1989, at least one half to 60 pct of all personalcomputers will be sold with OS/2," predicted George Colony,president of the consulting firm Forrester Research Inc.    But until then there is an opportunity, some analysts said,for firms selling advanced versions of MS-DOS, specialisedmulti-tasking software packages and Unix, an alternative toMS-DOS developed by American Telephone and Telegraph Co &lt;T>that has developed a following among engineers and the federalgovernment.    OS-2, which IBM is developing with Microsoft Corp, theauthor of MS-DOS, will not be ready for another six months. IBMsaid last week that the product is on schedule but analysts andother software developers are skeptical, since delays in majornew software products are commonplace.    Initial acceptance of the new system will most likely behindered by the disgruntlement of hardware and software vendorsalike, who would prefer to keep making products that work withtried and true MS-DOS, according to Paul Cubbage, softwareanalyst with the market research firm Dataquest Inc.    Compaq, IBM's major personal computer competitor, hasalready said it will stick with the MS-DOS standard. Compaqpresident Rod Canion said recently their will be no "automaticmass migration" to OS/2. "(Advanced MS-DOS) applications willcontinue to meet a far broader set of users needs than OS/2will supply long after it becomes available," he said.    Cubbage acknowledged that "it will probably be a year ormore before any really useful applications are available forOS-2," creating opportunities for multi-tasking programs. "Butthere comes a time when the memory limits of those gets toyou," he said.    IBM's new operating system was as big an event to thecomputer industry as the PS-2 announcement itself. The newcomputers, the most powerful of which will use Intel Corp'sfast 80386 microprocessor, are expected to rejuvenate thesagging sales of the personal computer industry and alreadygave a big boost to IBM.    Company officials said last week that 250,000 PS/2s wereshipped in the 2-1/2 months since their introduction and IBMexpect record pc sales ths year as a result.    The enthusiasm for the PS-2 is particularly striking sincethe full potential of the powerful computers cannot be tappeduntil a new operating system or other high level software isavailable, analysts said.    OS-2 will allow users to work on many different programs,or tasks, at once on a personal computer, ideally without anyslowdown in operation, a capability the industry has longstrived for.    Microsoft is already promising alternatives to OS-2, inparticular an advanced version of its Windows multitaskingprogram, which is used in conjunction with MS-DOS.    Microsoft chairman Bill Gates has suggested an advancedversion of the program, Windows 386, will be announced inSeptember and available six to eight weeks later, at a price of100 dlrs and 300 dlrs. OS/2 is expected to cost 325 dlrs.    Some software developers have said the the program,designed for 80386-based personal computers, may even besuperior to OS/2 in allowing users to multitask applicationswithout disruption.     But several analysts commented that what users really wantis a multi-taksing operating system for 80386-based personalcomputers, and so far that desire has been met primarily by asmall Atlanta software publisher, The Software Link Inc. Inlate spring the company announced PC-MOS/386, a multi-tasking,multiuser operating system that is compatible with MS/DOS andworks on 80386-based computers.    The company said it filled 2,500 orders in the first fourweeks of availability and expects shipments to reach 40,000 byyear end.    International Data Corp analyst Will Zachmann said Unixcould be the most promising alternative to OS/2, even once theIVM system is available.    IBM did not endorse Unix for any of its PS/2 models,although it did say that it would announce a version of itsAdvanced Interactive Executive (AIX), a Unix compatibleoperating system.    But the federal government requires Unix compatability formost of its computer contracts, it is almost certain that othercompanies will provide Unix-style operating systems for the IBMsystems.    ATT itself two weeks ago introduced a version of Unix thatis compatible with the 80386 microprocessor, although not IBM'scomputer specifically.    Analysts saw the announcement as a move to get Unixaccepted as a strong alternative to OS/2 before the IBM systemhas a chance to take off. Reuter&#3;