The London Metal Exchange's, LME,decision to introduce a dollar-denominated aluminium contract,with the Port of Singapore listed as a delivery point, is apositive move, physical traders and LME dealers said.    Earlier this week the LME declared that a 99.70 pct minimumpurity aluminium contract would commence trading on June 1,1987, alongside its long-established sterling-based 99.50 pctcontract.    This is the LME's first dollar contract and non-Europeandelivery point, and the Board and Committee are looking atSingapore as a delivery point for other contracts.    Trade sources said the LME's new contract will conform withexisting industry practice, where 99.70 standard re-meltmaterial, priced in dollars, is most commonly traded.    The location of a warehouse in Singapore is also a positivemove by the LME, given its ideal location for Australian andJapanese traders, who would be able to place metal on towarrant speedily and relatively inexpensively, they said.    Hedging during the LME ring sessions becomes much simplerwith a dollar contract. At present pre-market trading is almostexclusively dollar-based, but currency conversions have to bedone during the sterling rings, they added.    LME ring dealers said the new contract would match moreclosely trade requirements and possibly alleviate some of therecent wide backwardations.    Very little physical business is now done in 99.50 pctpurity metal, nearly all of which is produced in Eastern Bloccountries, such as Romania.    The Soviet Union also produces 99.50 pct, but has declinedas an exporter recently, they said.    Some dealers said the new 99.70 contract may suffer fromliquidity problems initially, as business may continue tocentre on the present good ordinary brand (gob) contract, wherethere are many holders of large short positions on the LME.    But others said the new contract would soon attract tradinginterest, given that much 99.70 metal has already beenattracted to the LME's warehouses by backwardations.    The LME also has a much more viable liquidity base for anew contract, compared to the Comex market in New York, wherehigh grade aluminium futures are not particularly active, theysaid.    Thus, it seems likely that the sterling contract willeventually lose trading interest and volumes will decline. Likestandard zinc, which was superseded by a high grade contract,gob aluminium will probably be replaced, although the processin this case may take longer, they added.    Forming a new contract and establishing a Singaporewarehouse are constructive moves by the LME but backwardations,which make physical trading difficult, would not totallydisappear as a result, the trade sources said.    These premiums for prompt metal have become asemi-permanent feature over the last year, due to increasedbusiness and volatility in traded options, and are presentlyaround 50 stg.    Increasingly large granting of option positions has beentaking place. When some of these are declared and exercised atthe end of the relevant month, physical tightness and squeezesaround these dates are commonplace, they said.    Listing Singapore as a delivery point allows Far Easternoperators to deliver aluminium into a LME warehouse instead ofhaving to cover.    But tightness and backwardations are seen continuing, eventhough the LME's new option contracts widen the gap between thedeclaration and prompt dates.    These will be due on the first and third Wednesday of themonth, whereas at present most fall on the 20th and 25th.    Backwardations will remain while operators continue togrant options where potential tonnage to be delivered exceedsaluminium stock levels, an LME option trader said. Reuter&#3;