Yugoslavia, whose economic crisis isunder close scrutiny by foreign creditors, will not followBrazil by suspending repayments on its large foreign debt,Prime Minister Branko Mikulic was quoted as saying.    Mikulic was speaking to West German journalists in aninterview published yesterday by the Tanjug news agency.    He said Yugoslavia had always paid its debts and wouldcontinue to do so, but he said creditors and internationalinstitutions should show more "understanding" for Yugoslavia'ssituation.    Mikulic said Yugoslavia had "understanding" for what Brazilhad done.    Yugoslavia has almost 100 pct annual inflation, laggingexports and low productivity. This month Makulic imposedpartial freezes on wages and prices which led to widespreadstrikes. Tanjug said in the interview Mikulic warned the armycould be called in if Yugoslavia's political system wasthreatened. Official reports show Yugoslavia ended 1986 withhard currency debt of 19.7 billion dlrs. In 1986 it repaid arecord 5.97 billion in capital and interest, reducing itsoverall debt by 996 mln dlrs.    Government ministers told reporters last week theyregretted Yugoslavia made such an effort in 1986. They said thecost to the economy had been too great.    Earlier this month deputy prime minister JanosMilosavljevic said Yugoslavia needed new credits. ForeignMinister Raif Dizdarevic said in Caracas, "radical changes" ininterest rates and repayment times were needed.    Western economists said Mikulic's remarks, taken with thoseof his ministers, could be a signal some problems were seenahead in financing the debt repayments.    Yugoslavia's debt refinancing timetable is to be consideredby the Paris club at the end of this month.    The International Monetary Fund, which recently reviewedthe Yugoslav economy, is said by Western diplomats to bealarmed at what it sees as a deteriorating economic crisis hereand the possibility of balance of payments problems later thisyear.    Mikulic visits West Germany next week, and debt is expectedto figure high on the agenda of his talks with ChancellorHelmut Kohl. REUTER&#3;