The Soviets have not indicated anurgent need for a U.S. wheat subsidy offer, and it is unlikelythat such an offer will be ma during the U.S./Soviet summitexpected to be held next month, Agriculture Secretary RichardLyng told Reuters.    In an exclusive interview with Reuters, Lyng said he didnot know if the United States will offer Moscow another wheatsubsidy offer this year or when that offer will be made.    "Last year it was well into the year before we offered it.There's been nothing that's taken place to indicate to me thatthere's a pressing need on their part for that sort of deal (awheat subsidy)."    When asked if a subsidy would be offered at a U.S./Sovietsummit, Lyng said, "No, I don't think so. I don't think that."    The Agriculture Secretary said a U.S. wheat subsidy deal toMoscow would not be the kind of topic appropriate fordiscussion at a summit.    "It would not be the kind of issue that the President or theChairman would get into specific negotiations or discussionsabout," Lyng said.    "When Mr. Nikonov (communist party secretary foragriculture) was here ... he indicated that trade in wheat wasnot something that would be discussed with the President of theUnited States. He said it's not presidential," Lyng said.    Lyng said uncertainties about wheat quality in some majorproducing areas of the world, volatile wheat prices and thestill unfinished Soviet grain harvest could delay any finaldecision on the timing of another wheat subsidy to Moscow.    The future of the U.S./Soviet long-term grains agreementwill be discussed the first of next year, Lyng said, but theAgriculture Secretary questioned the benefits of thelong-standing agreement.    "We've had three years in a row in which the Soviets havefailed to live up to their end of the agreement ... We wouldlove to continue to keep doing busines with the Soviet Union,but do we need a long-term agreement. Who benefits from that.These are some of the questions we need to discuss."    When asked if he felt the United States has benefitted fromthe agreement, Lyng said, "I don't know. It certainly hasn'tbeen what we had hoped it would be. For three years runningthey've (Moscow) failed to live up to what we considered was anagreement." Reuter&#3;