Foreign banks in West Germany arereassessing their positions after a number of changes in themarkets and the regulatory environment that have dampened aonce-euphoric enthusiasm for expansion here.    Banking sources said the most important changes were plansto bring securities holdings into capital lending ratios, thefirst such move in a major financial centre. This could place aserious burden on several foreign banks, particularly thoseactive in primary and secondary bond markets. Foreign banks hadmuch lower equity and reserve capital than most domestic banks.    Senior banking sources said talks between the Bundesbankand the banking supervisory office over bringing securities --primarily bonds -- under banking laws governing capital ratioswere in progress.    Although no date had been set for imposition, banks asearly as this year may be obliged to bring bonds under 1985rules that limit bank lending to 18 times shareholders equityand reserves.    Although other national regulatory authorities are known tobe considering similar steps in light of growing securitisationof debt previously in the balance sheet, Germany, with itstradition of prudence, may be the first.    Brian Kissack, president of the Foreign Banks Association,told Reuters, "It's not a positive sign. It could cause certainpeople who are not in (West Germany) to query whether it was asattractive to get in now."    Larger banks may begin to use global networks to pass onholdings in mark securities to other centres which had lessstringent ratios, taking business out of the country, he added.    But sources said foreign banks faced a host of otherpractical problems as well. These included,    -- the apparent unwillingness of the Bonn government tomake an early move to abolish the stock exchange turnover tax.    -- signs that London's "Big Bang" may have deeperimplications for German securities trading than first thought.    -- difficulty in finding experienced securitiesprofessionals to staff new subsidiaries.    -- growing pressure on commercial banking margins that isforcing widespread retrenchment and refocusing of activities.    -- the threat of having to face a renewed push for marketshare by the largest and most powerful Japanese banks.    By leaving the stock exchange turnover tax out of theinitial negotiating session of the incoming federal coalitiongovernment, Bonn had dashed hopes it would soon be abolished.    The tax is 0.25 pct on each side of a securities trade by anon-bank, but it is not levied on public authority bonds.    This extra cost, particularly for finely-priced instrumentssuch as floating rate notes, had kept much mark securitiesbusiness firmly in the City, awaiting a change. But aside fromthis, London was more active than domestic houses had expected.    Large U.S., British, Japanese and Swiss investors oftenpreferred to execute block trades -- 50,000 shares and up --with City market makers who could absorb at least some of thepaper in their own positions, diminishing the immediate impacton the share price.    Most German brokers and banks pass trades direct to theexchange floor, cutting profits or adding to costs.    Bank in Liechstenstein (Frankfurt) GmbH board memberMichael Zapf said London's share of German securities businessdone was causing foreign banks without German units to weighwhether establishment costs involved were worth the returns.    Additional signs that London market makers may move intosecondary level stocks had added to this concern, he said.    Now, plans by many foreign banks to transfer marksecurities trading entirely to newly established, mainlyFrankfurt-based units were being reassessed, sources said.    The continuing existence of the stock exchange tax had alsoeffectively prevented the birth of a short-term mark papermarket in certificates of deposit or commercial paper.    Many U.S. Investment and money centre banks in particularwere hoping experience in these would provide the lever toprise open tight credit relationships between companies andtheir domestic "house" banks.    At the moment, U.S. Investment banks are expanding fastesthere. A unit of Salomon Inc &lt;SB.N> began last summer and MorganStanley Group Inc &lt;MS.N> is currently fitting out offices,probably for a summer start to business.    A unit of &lt;Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co> should beginoperations toward year end. Merrill Lynch and Co Inc &lt;MER.N>and Shearson Lehman Brothers are known to be weighingconversion of current, small operations to full-standing units.    But expansion had been hampered by the lack of experiencedpersonnel in a hitherto fairly small market. The big threeSwiss banks, which arrived between late 1985 and first half1986, have been steadily building up securities departments,taking staff equally from domestic and foreign competitors.    The two U.S. Banks longest established here, Citibank AGand Chase Bank AG, had been particularly hard hit.    Both banks recently announced plans to cut back commercialactivities and shut down German branch offices on orders fromhead office. In the competitive environment, return on assetsemployed was insufficient to meet requirements, sources said.    But the weakening attraction of "Financial Centre Germany"was unlikely to deter major Japanese banks from setting up fullsubsidiaries when the Bundesbank gives the green light for markeurobond lead management probably around third quarter 1987.    Once banks such as Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd &lt;DIKB.T> andSumitomo Bank Ltd &lt;SUMI.T> move in, competition for business,for staff and even for premises would soar, sources said. REUTER&#3;