U.S. corn acreage this year is likely to drop to the lowest level since the unsurpassedacreage reductions of the 1983 PIK year and could rank as oneof the lowest corn plantings in the United States in sixtyyears, Agriculture Department officials said.    USDA releases its official plantings report on March 31.Agriculture Department analysts said next week's figures willlikely show a sharp drop in acreage to as low as 65 mln acres,down 22 pct from last year's plantings of 83.3 mln acres.    Assuming an 18 mln acre drop in plantings, U.S. cornproduction will also decrease significantly. Analysts said 1987corn production could drop by over one billion bushels toaround seven billion bushels.    Expected signup of up to 90 pct in the 1987 feed grainsprogram, along with 1.9 mln acres enrolled in the conservationprogram, will cause acreage to plummet, Department feedgrainanalysts said.    "There's no question that there will be a sharp decrease incorn acreage," one said. "It's difficult for any farmer to notgo along with the program this year."    Soybean acreage is also expected to decline this year butat a much slower rate of around four pct, USDA analysts said.    Soybean plantings could drop to 59 mln acres or below, theysaid, compared to last year's level of 61.5 mln acres.    If analysts' unofficial estimates prove correct then thedrop in u.s. corn acreage will be the largest since 1983 whenfarmers idled 22 mln acres in the Payment-In-Kind program.    Farmers planted only around 60 mln acres of corn in 1983. Asevere drought that summer in major producing states causedyields to tumble and final crop production to total only 4.2billion bushels.    Given normal weather conditions this year, USDA analystssaid the 1987 corn crop could end up around seven billionbushels, down from last year's crop of 8.3 billion bushels.    "This kind of acreage reduction will mean a significantreduction in production," an analyst said.    A crop of seven billion bushels is close to the annual U.S.corn usage, so surplus stocks, while not decreasing, would notincrease significantly, a specialist said.    High producing corn belt states are expected to show thegreatest acreage reductions, based upon historicalparticipation in government programs, analysts said.    In contrast, soybean acreage is likely to be cut the mostin marginal producing areas of the southeast and the westerncorn belt, a USDA soybean analyst said.    "Soybean acreage in the eastern corn belt will not budge,"he said. Neither does he expect any significant acreage cuts inhigher-producing delta areas.    Soybean production could drop fractionally from last year's2.0 billion bushels to 1.8 to 1.9 billion, he said.    U.S. soybean acreage, after soaring to 71.4 mln acres in1979 from only 52 mln acres five years prior to that, hassteadily declined in the 1980's.    U.S. corn acreage, with the exception of 1983, has been inthe low to mid 80-mln acre range for the past 10 years. Thehighest corn plantings reported in the 60 years that USDA haskept such records was in 1932 when farmers planted 113 mlnacres and obtained average yields of 26.5 bushels per acre.    Last year U.S. farmers obtained record corn yieldsaveraging 119.3 bushels per acre.    "We have absolutely no trouble producing an eight billionbushel crop on only 80 mln acres or so," an analyst said.    Corn acreage will probably level at around 65 mln acres aslong as government program provisions remain the same, analystssaid.    Currently farmers enrolling in the program are required toset aside 20 pct of their base acreage and then are eligiblefor payments of two dlrs per bushel by idling an additional 15pct of their acreage.    "To get to the PIK level of 60 mln acres, we would have toprovide more incentives," an analyst said. Reuter&#3;