The London Stock Exchange's tradedoptions market plans volume growth of at least 80 pct a year,and will more than double the range of options available by theend of 1988, options committee chairman Geoffrey Chamberlainsaid.    He told a news conference that more options contracts weretraded in 1986 than in the previous seven years of the market'sexistence.    Chamberlain said the daily average volume of contractstraded in February this year almost tripled to 53,056 from19,034 in the same month last year, and further rapid growthwas expected.    "We're aiming for 100 stock option classes by the end of1988," said Chamberlain. These would correspond to the eligibleconstituents of the FT-SE 100 share index.    Chamberlain added that two new equity options were to beintroduced this month. Options will be available in Sears Plc&lt;SEHL.L> from March 4, and in Plessey Co. Plc &lt;PLYL.L> fromMarch 19.    The London Stock Exchange is the largest outside the UnitedStates for options trading. Forty-five equity options, twocurrency options, two government bond (gilt) options and anoption on the FTSE-100 index are available at present.    Chamberlain said the Stock Exchange aimed to consolidatethe London options market's leading position in Europe,especially important with French and Swiss equity optionstrading planned to start this year.    "I'd go so far as to say the plans for growth areconservative," one leading options analyst said, predictingcontinuing volume growth of around 20 pct a month for at leastthe next year.    He said much of the recent growth in options had come frominter-market-maker trading aimed at hedging book positions. Butnow the retail options market was beginning to take off.    The market trades from a corner of the now largely desertedfloor of the London Stock Exchange. The floor has been leftalmost empty in the wake of the recent regulatory changes inthe equity and gilts (government bond) markets, which haveencouraged a move to electronic off-floor trading.    Yesterday, the Stock Exchange decided to close the floor toequities trading altogether, and said it expected to make afinal decision on the floor's future by the end of 1987.    The floor space could be used for a purpose-built optionsmarket, but Chamberlain said that it was unlikely that theoptions market would need more than half of the availablespace. REUTER&#3;