Rises in West German and internationalinterest rates are a cause for concern and the Bundesbank hasno interest in higher capital market rates, BundesbankPresident Karl Otto Poehl said.    "We consider the interest rate increase that has occurredhere and internationally to be a problem and cause for concern,"Poehl told an investment conference.    "I would like to stress that the Bundesbank has no interestin higher capital market rates," he said.    Shortly after Poehl spoke, the Bundesbank announced atender for a securities repurchase pact at a fixed rate of 3.80pct.    Previous tenders over the last month by interest rate haveseen the allocation rate on these facilities rise to 3.85 pctat last week's pact from 3.60 on the last fixed-rate tender inlate September.    The Bundesbank's reduction of the key allocation rate to3.80 from 3.85 pct was heralded Monday by repeated injectionsof money market liquidity at between 3.70 and 3.80 pct.    These moves to cap interest rates followed a meetingbetween Poehl, Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg and U.S.Treasury Secretary James Baker Monday in Frankfurt.    Officials said afterwards the three men had reaffirmedtheir commitment to the Louvre accord on currency stability.    Over the weekend, criticism by Baker of the tightening inWest German monetary policy had prompted a sharp fall of thedollar on speculation that Louvre cooperation had ended.    But the dollar rallied on news of Monday's meeting innervous trading to trade above 1.79 marks Tuesday.    Poehl said that the recent rise in interest rates was notdue to central bank policy, but to markets' expectations, andcurrency developments.    Commenting on the inflationary expectations, Poehl said "Youhave to get to the root of the problem, you have to pursue apolicy which reveals that there are no grounds for such fears." The inflationary fears were unjustified and exaggerated, hesaid.    Poehl rebuffed recent U.S. Criticism of West Germany,saying the Bundesbank had made a substantial contribution tointernational cooperation in interest and monetary policy.    The Bundesbank has tolerated an overshooting of its moneysupply target, arousing criticism from other quarters, he said.    "Today we still have lower interest rates than at the end of1986... Quite the contrary of other countries, where interestrates have risen substantially more," Poehl said.    This had to be taken into account when considering recentrises in repurchase pact allocation rates, which were due torising international money market rates that had spilled overinto the German market, he said.    Poehl expressed surprise that financial markets had so farignored improvements in the U.S. Deficits.    "The adjustment process in the U.S. Trade balance isdefinitely underway," he said, noting that this was not sonoticeable in absolute figures.    The spectacular improvement in the budget deficit had alsoattracted little attention, he said. REUTER&#3;