Pay N' Pak Stores Inc said it receivedtwo proposals in response to its previously announcedsolicitation of potential buyers for the company.    The company said it is evaluating the proposals from PaulBilzerian and from a third party which is active in theleveraged buyout field but which Pay N' Pak declined toidentify.    It said the Bilzerian proposal calls for shareholders toreceive on a blended basis 16.67 dlrs in cash and 3.30 dlrs inliquidation value of cumulative exchangeable redeemablepreferred stock for each common share.       Pay N' Pak said the second proposal is structured as amerger in which each holder would receive a combination of17.50 dlrs in cash and 2.50 dlrs in liquidation value of 13-1/2pct cumulative preferred.    The company said the dividend on the preferred offered byBilzerian would be set so that in the opinion his financialadvisor and the company's financial advisor the preferred wouldtrade in the public market at its liquidation value.    Dividends on the preferred could be paid at the option ofthe surviving corporation in cash or additional shares ofpreferred for the first five years, it added..       Pay N' Pak said Bilzerian's proposal is subject to aphysical inventory of merchandise at June 30. Bilzerian did notprovide details with respect to financing of his proposal,which is not subject to a financing condition.    The company said dividends on the preferred being offeredin the second proposal would be paid in additional preferred inthe first three years and the preferred would be redeemed inyears 12 and 13.    It said the second offer is contingent on the arrangementof financing, adding the party making the offer is confident ofits ability to obtain the balance of the financing.       Pay N' Pak said the second proposal is conditioned upon asatisfactory agreement with the company's management regardingits equity participation in the new company.    The second party anticipates executing a letter of intentwhen it delivers its financing commitment to the Pay N' Pakboard that would incorporate an expense reinbursement andoption arrangement, the company said. Reuter&#3;