Lomac Inc, a publicly tradedcompany, will pay the U.S. and Michigan governments to helpclean up a toxic waste site in the first major settlement underthe 1986 Superfund-Two act, Michigan officials said.    Lomac will pay 17 mln dlrs to help clean the site, theysaid.    Stewart Freeman, Michigan's chief environmental attorney,told Reuters that Lomac, a new company, agreed to buy achemical site near Muskegon, Mich., formerly operated by BaforsNobel Inc, a bankrupt subsidiary of A.B. Nobel of Sweden.    The settlement was also the largest in history in abankruptcy case involving environmental issues, Freeman said.    Other companies with Superfund disputes are watching thecase closely, he said. "There are a number of very largecorporations talking to the attorney general," Freeman said,referring to Michigan Atty. Gen. Frank J. Kelley.    Freeman would not identify the companies involved, sayinghe was not sure whether confidentiality agreements had beenmade.    Lomac will pay 25-26 mln dlrs in the settlement. Five mlndlrs will be paid to the federal and 12 mln dlrs will go to theMichigan government for cleanup at the site, the LakewayChemical plant.    The remaining funds will go to medical surveillance offormer workers at the plant.    Under the agreement, a trust fund will be set up "tomonitor the health of employees who may have been exposed todangerous chemicals that were manufactured at the plant before1971," the Michigan attorney general's office said in astatement.    Freeman said the medical fund was necessary because ofpossible medical problems among workers at the site.    The Muskegon facility was formerly used to manufacturedyes. Freeman said Bofors Nobel spent 50 mln dlrs cleaning upthe site, formerly owned by Lakeway Chemical Co, before "theeconomic decision was made in Sweden" to place the operation inbankruptcy.    Under the agreement, Bofors Nobel will sell the site, whichstill holds an operating chemical plant, to Lomac. Some 150employees work at the plant, a spokesman for the Michiganattorney general said.    The state attorney general said cleanup at the site willbegin "immediately," and will be supervised by federal andstate officials.    Freeman said the plant site is not presently listed on thefederal superfund list, which qualifies the toxic waste sitefor federal cleanup funds.    He said federal officials will try to get the Muskegonfacility onto the superfund list. If they are unable to do so,the 5.0 mln dlr federal portion of the settlement will beturned over to Michigan officials to be used in the cleanup,Freeman said. Reuter&#3;