The European Commission's decision torelease an additional 300,000 tonnes of British interventionfeed wheat for the home market will provide only moderaterelief in an increasingly tight market, traders said.    Some operators had been anticipating a larger tonnage,pointing out that at this week's U.K. Intervention tender themarket sought to buy 340,000 tonnes but only 126,000 tonneswere granted.    The new tranche of intervention grain is unlikely tosatisfy demand, they said, and keen buying competition forsupplies in stores is expected to keep prices firm.    The release of the feed wheat followed recent strongrepresentations by the U.K. Grain trade to the Commission.There has been growing concern that rising internal prices,triggered by heavy exports, were creating areas of shortage ininterior markets.    The latest EC authorisation will add 70,000 tonnes at theApril 14 tender and a further 30,000 tonnes later in the month.The remaining 200,000 tonnes will be made available in May andJune.    News of the release produced an early downward reaction inlocal physical markets, but by midday some sections had halvedearly two stg losses while others were unchanged.    Ministry of Agriculture figures for March indicate 1.85 mlntonnes of wheat and 1.74 mln tonnes of barley remain in thefree market. However, some traders believe these figures areoverstated and, while some may still be held on the farm, thebulk of wheat is already sold. Some of the grain is also offthe market in futures stores.    A total of 2.10 mln tonnes of intervention wheat has beensold for export or to the home market since the season startedJuly 1, leaving an unsold balance in intervention of about 1.59mln tonnes.    Intervention barley sales have reached just over 1.0 mlntonnes, leaving about 753,000 tonnes, traders said.    This season's U.K. Export performance has surpassed allearly expectations and has created the present nervoussituation in domestic markets where the fear now is free marketsupplies may not last out until new crop becomes available inAugust.    The market is sticking to its recent prediction of totalbarley and wheat exports of around 10.5 mln tonnes, a newrecord and nearly double the previous record of 5.9 mln tonnesachieved in the 1984/85 season.    Traders expect U.K. Wheat exports to reach 6.0 mln andbarley around 4.50 mln tonnes.    The Soviet Union has booked a record total of 2.5 mlntonnes of British wheat and barley this season, but only 1.28mln had surfaced in Customs export figures by March 25, traderssaid.    Other EC countries have bought large amounts of Britishgrain and for the July 1/March 25 period had taken 2.59 mlntonnes of wheat and 2.06 mln tonnes of barley. This compareswith 1.28 mln and 868,700 tonnes last season.    The market is expecting prices, particularly wheat, to staybuoyant for the remaining few months of the season. If suppliesbecome more difficult and prices strengthen further, feedcompounders may increase cereal substitute usage, traders said. Reuter&#3;