The Pacific Stock Exchange closedhalf an hour early under a pile of unfilled orders on heavy,but not record, volume of over 11 mln shares, Exchangeofficials said.    As traders remained on the floors in San Francisco and LosAngeles, madly trying to balance their accounts long after theclose, Exchange Chairman Maurice Menn told a news conferencetrading will, nevertheless, begin on time tomorrow,at 0630 Pacific Daylight Time.    Menn told reporters the price of a seat on the exchangedropped to 86,000 dlrs today from 100,100 dlrs a week ago.    Menn said the day also saw 134,000 options contractstraded, compared to a record 202,000 contracts last friday.    Traders both in Los Angeles and San Francisco said volumewas curbed purely by their inability to fill orders and thechaos created by the exchange tape falling hours behind, makingit nearly impossible to get accurate price readings.    "If we would have been able to execute the orders we got,there would have been 20 mln shares traded," said RichardGoforth, a partner with Crowell Weedon and Co, who trades onthe Los Angles floor of the Pacific Exchange.    Traders in San Francisco said there were unconfirmedreports that one brokerage house alone turned away orders for50,000 shares they were unable to fill in late trading.    The traders and exchange officials said action on thePacific Exchange did not deviate from that in New York, withsome early buying giving way to panic selling through theclose, which left the Dow Jones Industrial Average down arecord 508 points.    "We pretty much mirrored what was going on in New York...they couldn't fill their orders and we knew we couldn't fillthem either," said Goforth.    While traders said they are bracing themselves for a loweropening tomorrow, Mann attributed today's dive to panickingyoung traders and to monetary policy and said the market shouldstill recover.    "It depends on what the politicians do...There's no reasonit cannot go back. This is an abnormality and there is nojustification for this. People are nervous," he said.    Mann noted he had never seen traders in San Francisco leaveon the floor so long after the close.    In Los Angeles, one office manager commented early in theday it was unusual to see traders on their feet.    "Usually, they're sitting down studying the market, but itsmoving so fast they don't have a chance," he said.    In San Francisco, about 50 people on the sidewalk outsidethe jammed lobby of Charles Schwab and Co, strained to see thediscount brokerage house's large ticker display.    "I can't believe it," mumbled one onlooker. Reuter&#3;