Sponsors of a campaign to pressureRoyal Dutch Petroleum Co to suspend operations in South Africaclaimed the backing of church groups and other institutions whocollectively own 4.8 mln of the the company's approximately268.0 mln shares.    "We're seeking to have the company disinvest in SouthAfrica - that means get out," Harrison Goldin, comptroller ofNew York City told a news conference.    The immediate goal of the campaign is to enlist the supportof owners of 27 mln shares to force an unprecedented specialmeeting of shareholders, Goldin said.    Goldin appeared at the news conference with Gordon Smith,treasurer of the ministers and missionaries benefit board ofthe American Baptist Churches.    The 4.8 mln shares represented by the group includes fourretirement funds covering various groups of New York Cityworkers, the California State Teachers Retirement System andseven church-related groups.    Goldin said the ultimate aim of the group is to "tightenthe noose of economic pressure on South Africa" until thegovernment changes its apartheid policies.    A reprsentative of Shell Oil Co, the U.S. arm of RoyalDutch, distributed a statement after the news conferenceexplaining that the company supports a program of power sharingby all South Africans.    The statement said senior officials of the company havestated publicly that they regard apartheid as "a system whollyat variance with the principles on which our group of companieshas operated all over the world for many years."    Goldin said the group seeks a special meeting because thecompany has rejected efforts to have South African issuesplaced on a ballot for the annual meeting in May.    Goldin said the shareholders have no particular timetablefor the special meeting. "We are dealing with an effort toarouse public opinion," he said, asserting that it is notnecessary to have a majority of the votes. "Large companiesrespond when they see which way the wind is blowing."    An immediate goal is to get Shell to stop selling fuel toSouth Afria's military and police, he said.    Smith said the campaign against Shell breaks new ground inthe cooperation of institutional investors on social issues. Anofficial of the United Mine Workers outlined a previouslyannounced boycott of Royal Dutch/Shell products. Reuter&#3;