UAL Inc's diversification into hotelsand rental cars may be its downfall, analysts said.    Digesting its acquisitions of hotels, Pan Am Corp's Pacificair routes, and Hertz rental cars, combined with stiff air farecompetition has left the company with an undervalued stockprice, analysts said.    The vulnerability of UAL's stock has fueled takeoverspeculation, as have reports that real estate magnate DonaldTrump has bought a large amount of its stock.    Today, a UAL executive told Reuters its chairman RichardFerris spoke with Trump last week. Trump said his interest inthe stock was as an investment, but the executive said thecompany does not know how much Trump owns or whether he has anyother plans.    UAL senior vice president Kurt Stocker said the companybelieves its diversification strategy will work since it canfeed customers from one business to another. Several weeks ago,it announced the new name of Allegis, to be taken in May.    "The strategy that Dick Ferris was talking about a coupleweeks ago when we announced the Allegis name is that the wholereally ends up to be worth more than the sum of the parts.Unfortunately, some people haven't really come to thisunderstanding," Stocker said.    But those same parts - Westin Hotels, Hertz rental cars,United Airlines and its reservation system - also has WallStreet calculating a wide range of breakup values from about100 dlrs per share to 130 dlrs per share.    Analysts aren't so sure the strategy is going to work. Theymention Transworld Corp, initially Trans World Airlines,as an example of an airline diversification gone wrong.Transworld Corp ended up spinning off its TWA airline.Transworld, now TW Services, is selling Hilton International toUAL.    "If you want to be negatively biased you say it's a stupidphilosophy, and if you're United and you put billions of dlrsinto other acquisitions, this is a good idea. There's not muchevidence one way or the other," said Dean Witter analyst MarkDaugherty.    "In the short or long run, they all (UAL's businesses) makemoney and perform well," said Stocker. He said the stock pricehasn't caught on since the strategy is relatively new.    Analysts say it's because earnings are relatively poor.Earnings last year were 25 cts per share. Louis Marckesano ofJanney Montgomery predicts 1987 net of 3.50 dlrs per share.    "They're potential is enormous. I think their problem hasbeen execution. The strike was the single biggest factor thatset them back in 1985. Last year, the whole industry wasinvolved in fare wars. They were hit harder by the fare warsthan anyone else," said Marckesano.    Marckesano said United Airlines was particularly hurt bythe fare wars because it shares a Denver hub with Texas AirCorp's price-slashing Continental Airlines.    Analysts said the same strategy which has contributed to anundervalued stock price may also result in a strong takeoverdefense. They said UAL paid a lot for some of its assets andthat in itself may make the company undesireable.    "I think they have a fairly tough management that will atleast be able to do battle with a potential shark and may wellbe able to defeat them. These guys aren't pushovers," saidSteve Lewins, an airline analyst at Citicorp.    Lewins believes the company could ultimately boost thestock price to a level that would reflect its assets, but itwill take time and improvements in earnings.    "If they put their nose to the grindstone, we're talkingabout years for anyone (in the airline industry)," he said."The whole unwinding of the battle of Texas Air is going totake years, establishing the Pacific in competition with (NWAInc &lt;NWA>) Northwest is going to take until 1990," Lewins said.     UAL today rose 2-1/2 to 62-1/2 on heavy volume of 1.9 mlnshares. Reuter&#3;