Government officials said the worst may beover for the Japanese economy, after today's news of strongerthan expected growth in the January/March period.    But private economists were not so sure and said theeconomy was unlikely to achieve the government's 3.5 pct growthforecast in the current fiscal year ending next March.    As already reported, GNP rose 1.2 pct in the January/Marchquarter, after a revised 0.7 pct increase in the previous threemonths. For the fiscal year that ended last March 31, GNPgrowth slowed to 2.6 pct from 4.3 pct in 1985/86.    The government economists acknowledged that the improvedexport performance in the January/March quarter was unlikely tobe repeated. The volume of exports during the period was up twopct from the previous three months.    The yen's rise in April to about 140 to the dollar from 150probably resulted in a fall in exports in the April/Junequarter, they said.    However, given the yen's recent stability, stepped-updomestic demand should work as a driving force to push theeconomy onto a path of sustainable growth, they said.    Many private economists, though, doubt that the economywill achieve the government's 3.5 pct growth forecast for the1987/88 year.    Growth in 1986/87 also fell short of the government'sforecast, which was revised downwards to three pct lastDecember from an original four pct.    Domestic demand as a whole is not strong enough, except forhousing, said Johsen Takahashi, chief economist at MitsubishiResearch Institute.    Consumer spending is likely to remain weak as the growth innominal income stays low, he added.     The rise in consumer spending in the January-March quarterwas simply a reflection of the contraction that occurred in thepreceding three months, Takahashi said.    Private capital spending in the quarter looked strong butthis was primarily because utility companies brought forwardtheir 1987/88 capital investment plans into the final quarterof 1986/87 in line with the government's economic stimulationpackage announced last fall, he said.    Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank chief economist Kosaku Furuta said hewas unable to say the economy has bottomed out, but added heexpects increasing signs of recovery in the coming months.    Destocking is coming to an end and companies are startingto rebuild inventories, Furuta said.    Housing is expected to remain buoyant, backed up by lowerinterest rates as well as government policies to stimulate thesector, he said. The government's recently unveiled 6,000billion yen economic package will also help the economy.    But he said that the economy was unlikely to achieve thegovernment's 3.5 pct forecast for 1987/88, although growthmight come close to three pct. REUTER&#3;