General Motors Corp said its directorsauthorized the repurchase of up to 20 pct of its 1.66 dlr parvalue common stock by the end of 1990.    GM said the level of repurchases this year will not exceed10 mln shares or about three pct of its outstanding stock.    It said the stock repurchase, as market conditions permit,will be funded from a portion of the cash flows generated byreduced capital spending and anticipated performanceimprovements.    GM also said its board authorized the repurchase of as manyas five mln shares each of its class E and class H common, withabout half of the proposed repurchases completed by year end.    GM also said it is considering offering an odd-lotrepurchase program for its class H stock by mid-year.    GM said the class E and H repurchases would increaseparticipation in the net income of its Electronic Data SystemsCorp &lt;GME> and Hughes Electronic Corp &lt;GMH> subsidiaries byholders of its 1.66 dlr par value common.    GM also said it anticipates a decrease in automotivecapital spending, excluding EDS and Hughes Aircraft Co, to 7.9billion dlrs in 1987 and 5.8 billion dlrs in 1989, from 10.6billion dlrs in 1986.    It also said improvements in operating performance areexpected to amount to 10 billion dlrs annually by 1990.    "We have one overriding objective--to position GM so thatit is producing the best products available in an increasinglycompetitive global marketplace," said Chairman Roger B. Smith.    GM had 319.4 mln shares of its 1.66 dlr par value commonoutstanding, 53.5 mln shares of class E and 66.6 mln shares ofclass H outstanding at year end 1986.    GM said that its par value holders currently participate inthe 56 pct of the earnings of EDS and 67 pct of Hughes'earnings.    GM also said it will continue to repurchase shares of allthree classes of its common in connection with ongoingrequirements of various benefit plans.    That buyback, it said, will involve about nine mln sharesof 1.66 dlr par value common and 2.5 mln shares each of class Eand H common in 1987.    GM said the repuchased shares of its par value common willbe held in its treasury indefinitely for possible futurebusiness use.    Reuter&#3;