The credibility of government efforts tostabilise fluctuating commodity prices will again be put to thetest over the next two weeks as countries try to agree on how abuffer stock should operate in the cocoa market, governmentdelegates and trade experts said.    Only two weeks ago, world coffee prices slumped whenInternational Coffee Organization members failed to agree onhow coffee export quotas should be calculated. This week, manyof the same experts gather in the same building here to try toagree on how the cocoa pact reached last summer should work.    The still unresolved legal wrangle surrounding theInternational Tin Council (ITC), which had buffer stock lossesrunning into hundreds of millions of sterling, is also castinga shadow over commodity negotiations.    The ITC's failure has restricted negotiators' ability tocompromise as governments do not want to be involved in pactswith built-in flaws or unlimited liability, but want clearlines drawn between aid and trade.    A more hopeful sign of cooperation was agreement on basicelements of a new International Natural Rubber Agreement inGeneva at the weekend.    Some importing countries insist the International CocoaOrganization (ICCO) buffer stock rules must not be muddied withquota type subclauses which might dictate the type of cocoa tobe bought. One consumer country delegate said this would"distort, not support" the market.    Trade and industry sources blame uncertainty about the ICCOfor destabilising the market as the recent collapse in coffeeprices has made traders acutely aware that commodity pacts canfounder. On Friday this uncertainty helped push London cocoafutures down to eight month lows. The strength of sterling hasalso contributed to the recent slip in prices.    The ICCO daily and average prices on Friday fell below the"must buy" level of 1,600 SDRs a tonne designated in the pact,which came into force at the last ICCO session in January butwithout rules for the operation of the buffer stock.    Consumers and producers could not agree on how it shouldoperate and what discretion it should be given. The agreementlimits it to trading physical cocoa and expressly says itcannot operate on futures markets.    A cash balance of some 250 mln dlrs and a stock of almost100,000 tonnes of cocoa, enough to mount large buying orselling operations, were carried forward from the previousagreement.    Members finance the stock through a 45 dlrs a tonne levy onall cocoa they trade. It has an upper limit of 250,000 tonnes.    The key arguments being faced by the ICCO working group onbuffer stock rules which is meeting today and tomorrow will beover non-member cocoa and differentials the buffer stock shouldpay when trading different types of cocoa. Another workinggroup is scheduled to meet Wednesday to discuss administrativematters, and the full council meets on Thursday.    Producers have so far maintained that buffer stock fundsshould not help mop up surplus cocoa produced in non-membercountries such as Malaysia.    Consumers say when this cocoa is the cheapest the bufferstock should buy it rather than compete with chocolatemanufacturers for premium-priced high quality cocoas.    The argument over buying non-member cocoa is closely linkedto the one over differentials for different qualities.    European industry and trade advisers have suggested as acompromise that the buffer stock have a maximum share that canrepresent non-member cocoa and that it use the London futuresmarket's existing differentials for different qualities.    Currently, good West African cocoa is tendered at par ontothe London market.    Discounts, which are currently under review, range up to 50stg a tonne for Brazilian and Malaysian cocoa.    Consumer delegates said the same arguments in reverse wouldoperate when prices are high - the buffer stock should sell thehighest priced cocoa in most demand, forcing all prices lower.    The January talks were slowed by a split inside theEuropean Community, a key ICCO consumer group, with Francesiding with producers. EC representatives met in closed sessionin Brussels on Friday in an attempt to reach a common groundand, a diplomatic source said, narrowed the range of positionsamong the 12 nations.    The source said the EC will be looking for signs offlexibility on the part of producers in the next few days andwill be able to respond if they are there.    One ICCO delegate describing the producer/consumer splitsaid consumer proposals mean buying more cocoa for less andbacks the concept of the pact which is "meant to support themarket where trade buying is not."    In contrast, he said, producers seem to want to sell theircocoa to the buffer stock rather than consumers.    Other, more technical, issues still outstanding includewhether the buffer stock should buy at a single announced"posted price" as in the previous pact or by announcing it isbuying then accepting offers.    In either case, delegates said, it is accepted thatproducers must be given a clear opportunity to make offers ofcocoa for forward shipment directly to the buffer stock in away that is competitive with spot offers made by dealers. REUTER&#3;