CSR Ltd &lt;CSRA.S> and Exxon Corp &lt;XON>unit &lt;Esso Exploration and Production Australia Inc> said CSRhas agreed to sell its &lt;Delhi Australia Fund> (DAF) to Esso for985 mln Australian dlrs.    The sale is effective from tomorrow, they said in a jointstatement.    The previously announced float of part of its Delhiinterest will not now proceed, CSR said in the statement.    Delhi Australia Fund owns &lt;Delhi Petroleum Pty Ltd>, whichholds an average of 25 pct in the Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S>-ledCooper and Eromanga Basin gas and liquids projects.    In addition to the purchase price, CSR will share equallyin any returns due to increases in crude oil and condensateprices over certain levels for liquids produced from Delhi'sinterests in the next two years, the statement said.    "The Esso proposal to purchase all the Delhi interest willbe more beneficial to our shareholders than proceeding with thefloat," CSR chief executive Bryan Kelman said in the statement.    Kelman said the sale of Delhi would enable CSR to focusefforts on expanding business areas such as sugar and buildingmaterials in which CSR has had long and successful managementexperience and strong market leadership.    With the sale, CSR will be able to expand those businessesmore aggressively and earlier, he said.    As reported separately, soon after announcing the Delhisale CSR launched a takeover bid for the 68.26 pct of &lt;PioneerSugar Mills Ltd> that it does not already hold, valuing itsentire issued capital at 219.6 mln dlrs.    After Bass Strait, the onshore Cooper and Eromanga Basin isAustralia's largest oil and gas producing area with currentgross oil production of 45,000 barrels per day (BDP), gasliquids output of 30,000 BPD and gas sales of 480 mln cubicfeet a day, the CSR-Esso statement said.    The purchase gives Esso, a 50/50 partner with The BrokenHill Pty Co Ltd &lt;BRKN.S> in the Bass Strait, its first onshoreproduction in Australia, they said.    Esso's chairman Stuart McGill said he hoped Esso can assistin maintaining the high rate of oil and gas discoveries in theCooper-Eromanga area.    "These discoveries will help Australia's self-sufficiency inoil reserves thereby offsetting in part the decline in BassStrait production now under way," McGill said.    In a separately released letter to CSR shareholders, Kelmansaid CSR was within days of completing plans for the float ofCSR Petroleum when it received an offer from Esso.    He said CSR is convinced the sale was the correct decisionin view of the risks associated with the oil business.    The price-sharing arrangement provides for CSR to shareequally with Esso in higher returns if oil prices average morethan 20 U.S. Dlrs a barrel in the next two years, he said.    Kelman said a revaluation of CSR's investment in Delhi tonet realisable value as of today, CSR's annual balance-date,will result in an extraordinary loss of 97 mln dlrs.    However, revaluations and profits on sales of other assetswill significantly reduce this loss, he said.    He also said that CSR is sufficiently encouraged by futureprospects and the opportunity to reposition the group in corebusinesses to foreshadow an increase in final dividend payablein July to 10 cents from nine to make an annual 19 centsagainst 18 in 1985/86. REUTER&#3;