French Agricultural MinisterFrancois Guillaume warned that France would flatly rejectproposed reforms of the European Community, EC, cereals, sugarand oilseeds sectors, which he said would disrupt thesemarkets.    The EC Commission's proposals to shorten the interventionperiod and lower monthly premiums for cereals and increase thefinancial burden on the sugar producers will also result inlower real prices for producers, he told farmers here.    "I give you my word that France, while it will not rejecttechnical adjustments or serious discussion, will simply replyin the negative to these bad reforms," Guillaume told the annualconference of the country's major farm union, FNSEA (Federation Nationale des Syndicats Dexploitants Agricoles).    Community agricultural ministers are due to meet againMonday to try and agree a package of reforms to curb spirallingEC output and fix farm prices for 1987/88.    Relations between the government and farmers have becomestrained in France in recent months.    There have been sporadic but frequent demonstrations byfarmers protesting over sharp falls in meat and pork prices andfurther cutbacks in Community milk output.    But Guillaume's warning that he would reject reorganisationof the EC cereal and sugar markets -- France being a majorproducer of both crops -- won him warm applause from theFNSEA's farmers.    His pledge to fight the EC proposals and push for thecomplete dismantling of the system of cross border taxesdesigned to smooth out currency differences known as MonetaryCompensatory Amounts, MCA's, however, are unlikely to avoidfurther protests by producers.    Farm leader Raymond Lacombe said the union planned to goahead with a series of major protests both in France and abroadagainst the EC Commission's proposals to overhaul the farmsector.    "The Minister's proposals back up our determination toorganise union action in the coming weeks," he told reporters,adding that this could also act in Guillaume's favour on aministerial level.    Guillaume was head of the FNSEA for many years before beingappointed farm minister last spring.    Lacombe refused to say whether the farmers felt thatGuillaume was doing a good job as farm minister.    There have been certain advances on cutting productioncosts, reducing fiscal costs and awarding drought aid, butthere are still areas where more could be done such as onfarmers' indebtedness, he said.    Guillaume told the conference the government will makeavailable 2.4 billion francs (396 mln dlrs) to help producersreduce milk output and to encourage older farmers to retire.    The government has already announced financial aid for themilk sector and it was not clear how much of the packageannounced today was new aid, Lacombe said. Reuter&#3;