Commission house livestock analystsagreed with Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor traders incalling today's USDA 13-state quarterly cattle on feed reportand cold storage report for pork bellies negative.    June live cattle futures are called 0.20 to 0.50 cent loweron Monday and back months of cattle are expected 0.50 to 1.00cent lower. Pork bellies are expected 0.50 to 1.00 cent or morelower, the analysts said.    Disappointment was voiced over the placement and total onfeed figures in the cattle report. Both the quarterly sectionand monthly 7-state part showed the amount placed on feed andon feed numbers at the high end of expectations.    The other disappearance figure of only three pct above ayear ago in the 7-state section was also vieved as negative.Most of the early guesses predicted a much larger number fordeath loss following the two winter snow storms that struck thewest in late March, they said.    However, weight groupings were friendly to the nearbyfutures and should prompt some bull spreading on the decline,they said.    William Arndt from Dean Witter noted that the 900 to 1,100lb steers and 700 to 900 lb heifers were at 94 pct of a yearago and should lend some support to June futures. However, 700to 900 lb steers at 119 pct will weigh on August, he said.    "The big reduction in cattle weighing over 900 lbs shouldbe friendly to the market for at least the next 30 to 60 days,"AGE Clearing analyst Jerry Abbenhaus said.    Movement of bellies into frozen storage was at the high endof expectations and should weigh on futures tomorrow,especially as futures prices ended weak today, they said.    Other parts of the cold storage report were also viewed asnegative to livestock and meat futures.    "We have a lot of poultry in storage. Even though we havesmaller pork supplies, the decline is not enough to offset theincreases in poultry," Shearson Lehman analyst Chuck Levittsaid. Also, there is more beef in storage than last year andthis was achieved on smaller production. Reuter&#3;