Huge oil platforms dot the Gulf likebeacons -- usually lit up like Christmas trees at night.    One of them, sitting astride the Rostam offshore oilfield,was all but blown out of the water by U.S. Warships on Monday.    The Iranian platform, an unsightly mass of steel andconcrete, was a three-tier structure rising 200 feet (60metres) above the warm waters of the Gulf until four U.S.Destroyers pumped some 1,000 shells into it.    The U.S. Defense Department said just 10 pct of one sectionof the structure remained.    U.S. helicopters destroyed three Iranian gunboats after anAmerican helicopter came under fire earlier this month and U.S.forces attacked, seized, and sank an Iranian ship they said hadbeen caught laying mines.    But Iran was not deterred, according to U.S. defenseofficials, who said Iranian forces used Chinese-made Silkwormmissiles to hit a U.S.-owned Liberian-flagged ship on Thursdayand the Sea Isle City on Friday.    Both ships were hit in the territorial waters of Kuwait, akey backer of Iraq in its war with Iran.    Henry Schuler, a former U.S. diplomat in the Middle Eastnow with CSIS said Washington had agreed to escort Kuwaititankers in order to deter Iranian attacks on shipping.    But he said the deterrence policy had failed and the levelof violence and threats to shipping had increased as a resultof U.S. intervention and Iran's response.    The attack on the oil platform was the latest example of aU.S. "tit-for-tat" policy that gave Iran the initiative, saidHarlan Ullman, an ex-career naval officer now with CSIS.    He said with this appraoch America would suffer "the deathof one thousand cuts."    But for the United States to grab the initiativemilitarily, it must take warlike steps such as mining Iran'sharbors or blockading the mouth of the Gulf through which itsshipping must pass, Schuler said.    He was among those advocating mining as a means of bringingIran to the neogtiating table. If vital supplies were cut off,Tehran could not continue the war with Iraq.    Ullman said Washington should join Moscow in a diplomaticinitiative to end the war and the superpowers should impose anarms embargo against Tehran if it refused to negotiate.    He said the United States should also threaten to mine andblockade Iran if it continued fighting and must press Iraq toacknowledge responsibility for starting the war as part of asettlement.    Iranian and Western diplomats say Iraq started the war byinvading Iran's territory in 1980. Iraq blames Iran for theoutbreak of hostilities, which have entailed World War I-styleinfantry attacks resulting in horrific casualties.    Each side has attacked the others' shipping. Reuter&#3;