President Reagan said he hoped theUnited States could lift trade sanctions against Japan soon.    But he said the United States would do what is necessary tosee that other nations lived up to their trade agreements.    In a speech prepared for delivery to the U.S. Chamber ofCommerce, he said, "I hope that, before long, we can lift these(Japanese trade sanctions) and that this episode will berecorded as a small incident in the building of ourrelationship."    But, Reagan added, "we will do what is necessary to see thatother nations live up to their obligations and tradingagreements with us. Trade must be free. It must also be fair."    Reagan said the decision to impose 100 pct tariffs on 300mln dlrs worth of electronic exports to the United States senta message it was time to complete a U.S.-Japan "trade bridge."  "The final answer to the trade problems between America andJapan is not more hemming and hawing, not more trade sanctions,not more voluntary restraint agreements - though these may beneeded as steps along the way - and certainly not moreunfulfilled agreements," he said.    Reagan said the answer was genuinely fair and open marketson both sides of the Pacific - "and the sooner, the better."    Reagan said the administration's tools for dealing withunfair trade practices met the need for both firmness andfinesse.    He said trade legislation pending in Congress would bedangerous because it would force the administration to use "asteamroller against unfair practices every time, no matterwhether the steamroller would open the trade doors or flattenthe entire house," he said.    Reagan said that ending every unfair trade practice inJapan would cut the U.S. trade deficit by only about 10 pct.    "If our trade deficit is to come down, more must be done --and is being done," he said.    "The change in the dollar's value is part of it, and sincethe middle of last year, the actual volume of our exports hadbeen on the rise," he said.    He also said he believed America's trading partners shouldcut taxes and regulations, as the United States had done, sothat they could create jobs and buy more goods. Reuter&#3;