President Reagan said he would discussthe Mideast Gulf situation with allied leaders at next week'sVenice economic summit and hinted he would seek their help inpreserving free navigation.    In a speech prepared for delivery as the United States madeplans to protect 11 Kuwaiti oil tankers from Iranian attack,Reagan said the American people were aware that "it is not ourinterests alone that are being protected."    Saying that allied dependence on gulf oil was no secret,Reagan declared, "During the upcoming summit in Venice, we willbe discussing the common security interests shared by thewestern democracies in the MIDEAST Gulf.    "The future belongs to the brave. Free men should not cowerbefore such challenges, and they should not expect to standalone."    Reagan will meet the leaders of Britain, France, WestGermany, Italy, Canada and Japan at the economic summit, whichwill take place in Venice June 8-10.       The 13th annual top-level meeting of the major industrialdemocracies will take place against a backdrop of risingcongressional concern over Reagan's plan to protect gulfshipping and demands that the allies do more.     These concerns were heightened by the May 17 Iraqi missileattack on the U.S. frigate Stark which killed 37 seamen.    "They died while guarding a chokepoint of freedom, deterringaggression and reaffirming America's willingness to protect itsvital interests," Reagan said.       In a pre-summit speech celebrating the 40th anniversary ofthe Marshall Plan, Reagan, who spoke to an audience of foreignaffairs experts, also pledged to push for economic expansion byWest Germany and Japan to bolster the world trading system.    "While the vibrancy of the U.S. economy has contributedenormously to the world expansion, preserving a growing worldeconomy is the business of every member of the world tradingcommunity," he said.       "It will be made clear, especially to our friends in Japanand the Federal Republic of Germany, that growth-orienteddomestic policies are needed to bolster the world tradingsystem on which they depend."    Reagan coupled this appeal with a call for compliance withallied accords on exchange rate stability.    "Economic policy decisions made last year in Tokyo and atthis year's meetings of Group of Seven finance ministers inParis and in Washington cannot be ignored or forgotten," hesaid. "The commitments made at these meetings need to betranslated into action." Reuter&#3;