Solar Systems by Sundance Inc said itagreed to buy a 45 pct interest in a company that will sellcondoms produced by INKEY SA of Spain.    It said a spermicide used in INKEY's condoms contains aningredient that may help prevent the sexual transmission ofAIDS. The ingredient was cited in an article in the West Germanpublication, Aids Forschung. But it said the article wasabout the ingredient and did not mention the spermicide or thecondoms made by INKEY.    The company also said it is changing its name toEurocapital Corp shortly.    Solar Systems said it was buying the 45 pct stake in aU.S.-based &lt;Europharmaceutical Co>. INKEY and an affiliate ownthe remaining shares of the company, which was set up todistribute condoms and vaginal products that are made, or arebeing developed by INKEY.    The agreement calls for a two mln dlr payment to Inkey forthe distributorship. The first 500,000 dlr payment is due 30days after the products are approved by the Food and DrugAdministration. It said Europharmaceutical plans to soon filewith the FDA to market the condom, but expects the approvalprocess to be a lengthy one.    The company said the active ingredient in the spermicide iscurrently used in the U.S. in antiseptic applications unrelatedto condoms. As far as it knows, the ingredient has not beentested in a spermicide.    Inkey's condoms will be sold in the U.S. under the brandname, "Carlton." The exclusive distribution contract for theproducts runs for three years and is renewable for one-yearperiods, the company said.    It said the condoms are currently sold in Spain but havenot gone on sale in other European countries.    It said Europharmaceutical currently does not have theresources to make the payments under the distribution agreementor fund the studies necessary to obtain marketing approval fromthe FDA.    The company also said Europharmaceutical is in talks toacquire either one or more publicly held companies with littleor no assets. In the event an acquisition goes through, SolarSystems' interest in Europharmaceutical would be diluted belowits current 45 pct. Reuter&#3;