El Paso Electric Co said it hasagreed to limit rate increases in its New Mexico serviceterritory to a maximum of nine pct over the next three years.    Last year, about 18 pct of the utility's revenues came fromNew Mexico, 70 pct from retail electricity sales in Texas and12 pct from wholesale sales under federal regulation.    In January the company filed a formal rate case with NewMexico regulators seeking a 21.66 pct increase in its annualrates there which would have been equal to about 13.9 mln dlrsnet of fuel savings.    El Paso Electric said it reached a stipulated settlement onits New Mexico rates with several parties, including the stateof the New Mexico Public Service Commission, which provides forrate treatment of the utility's investment in the Palo VerdeNuclear Generating Station located near Phoenix, Ariz.    The company said commission hearings on the stipulatedsettlement are expected to start next month. If it is approved,the new rates could go into effect as early as this summer. ElPaso Electric's January rate case will remain before thecommission pending approval of the settlement.    El Paso Electric said the agreement provides got continuedfull inclusion in its rate base of the costs of Palo Verda Unitone, maximum rate increases of three pct on a cents perkilowatt hour basis in 1987, 1988 and 1989, and no further rateincreases until 1994.    Once the agreement is approved, the utility would stillhave to prove cost of service increases to support at least themaximum increase each year, a spokesman explained.    The company said it will attempt to settle the cost ofservice issues in timed to allow the new rates to go intoeffect this summer.    El Paso Electric said the agreement allows recovery in itsNew Mexico rates of lease payments in connection with theutility's 1986 sale and leaseback of its investment in PaloVerde Unit Two to the extent of the book value sold.    The company said it agreed that none of its costs for PaloVerde Unit Three will be included in its New Mexico rates.    The utility said the agreement also resolves any issuerelating to the prudence of the planning, management andconstruction of Palo Verde and settles any possible issue ofexcess generating capacity through 1993.    El Paso Electric said it does not expect to have excessgenerating capacity.    The agreement also provides that any portion of the cost ofservice deferrals not recouped prior to December 31, 1994 willnot be recovered through New Mexico rates, the company said,adding it expects to recoup all deferrals in full by that date. Reuter&#3;