Indonesia expects the recent years'rise in its debt service ratio to peak at the current level of41 pct, Development Supervision Minister Ali Wardhana toldjournalists.    He was speaking at a news conference following a two dayannual meeting of aid donors grouped in the Inter-GovernmentalGroup on Indonesia (IGGI) in which 3.15 billion dlrs in freshfunds were pledged for the coming year.    "The current debt service ratio of 41 pct will be the top,"Wardhana said, noting the debt service ratio rose to that levelfrom 37 pct last year. Indonesia's debt totals 37 billion dlrs.    "The current debt burden will be manageable if concessionaryloans can be attracted," he said.    He said international organisations such as the World Bankpledged an unchanged 1.68 billion dlrs in fresh funds toIndonesia and this year's overall total, up from last year's2.6 billion, reflected higher pledges from donor countries.    He said Japan raised its pledge to 88 billion yen from 80billion last year. Britain almost trebled its contribution to130 mln stg from 45 mln. The United States raised itscontribution to 190 mln dlrs from 86 mln and the Netherlandsraised its figure to 232 mln guilders from 180 mln.    Commenting on the increase in funds pledged to Indonesia,which has been hard hit in export revenue due to the oil pricecollapse, Wardhana said, "I am happily surprised, but in view ofthe seriousness of the balance of payments situation the amountis what we needed to cope."    He noted donors pledged to increase local cost financing aspart of the aid package. Some 900 mln dlrs of the package willbe for programme aid or local cost financing, IndonesianCentral Bank Governor Arifin Siregar said.    Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh said Indonesia will continueto reform the economy and bring about further liberalisations.    "Indonesia has undertaken reforms to meet external problems,"Saleh said. "It's a good thing and we will continue withderegulation in trade, industry and licensing of newbusinesses."    Asked whether the question of private capital exports fromIndonesia was discussed, central bank governor Arifin Siregarexpressed confidence that any drain of capital abroad wouldonly be temporary.    He noted there had been a turnaround in a recent fall inforeign exchange reserves three days ago. REUTER&#3;