The Soviet economy has grown at anincreased rate under Mikhail Gorbachev's leadership, but hisgoals may be too ambitious, according to a report from U.S.intelligence agencies.    The report was prepared jointly by the Central IntelligenceAgency and the Defense Intelligence Agency for theCongressional Joint Economic committee, which released it.    It said the Soviet economy grew by 4.2 pct in 1986,Gorbachev's first full year in power, twice the average rate ofgrowth over the previous 10 years.    Gorbachev's policies to improve worker attitudes, removeincompetent officials, reduce corruption and alcoholism andmodernize the country's industrial equipment accounted for someof the gains, the report said.    "Although many of the specific policies Gorbachev hasadopted are not new, the intensity Gorbachev has brought to hisefforts and his apparent commitment to finding long-termsolutions are attributes that his immediate predecessorslacked. Nonetheless, Gorbachev's program appears too ambitiouson a number of counts," the report said.    Earlier this week, two U.S. experts on the Soviet Unionsaid Gorbachev was likely to be ousted in three to four yearsif he continues his reform policies.    "I don't think he can last four years," Marshall Goldman ofHarvard University told a Congressional hearing. "He's moving sofast, he's stepping on so many toes."    A similar comment came from Peter Reddaway of theSmithsonian Institution's Kennan Institute for Advanced Russianstudies.    The economic report said meeting targets for commodityoutput would require unrealistic gains in productivity andindustrial output targets appear too high to allow time toinstall more advanced equipment.    None of Gorbachev's proposals would change the system ofeconomic incentives that has discouraged innovation andtechnological change, the report added.    "The first significant resistance to specific policies,although not overall goals, surfaced (in 1986) in both themassive government and party bureaucracy, particularly amongenterprise managers who complained that they were being askedto carry out conflicting goals -- such as to raise qualitystandards and output targets simultaneously," the report said.    The CIA-DIA report predicted two to three pct growth in theSoviet economy over the next several years. It said the SovietUnion trailed the U.S. by seven to 12 years in advancedmanufacturing technologies, such as computers andmicroprocessors. Reuter&#3;