Caesars World Inc is likely to seekout a friendly suitor or restructure operations to fight offthe unsolicited takeover offer by investor Martin Sosnoff,securities analysts said.    "They could be talking to a "white knight" right now," saidJanney Scott Montgomery Inc analyst Marvin Roffman, adding."That would be my best guess."    Analysts also said other options for Caesars could includea restructuring or a buyback of Sosnoff's 13.6 pct holdings.    Earlier today, Caesars World announced that its boardunanimously rejected a 28 dlr per share, or 725.2 mln dlr,takeover offer from MTS Acquisition Corp, a company formed bySosnoff.    The company also said it will explore a variety ofalternative transactions but did not elaborate.    In announcing the rejection, Caesars said the offer wasinadequate given the company's financial condition, futureprospects and current market conditions.    A Caesars spokesman said the company expects to file a14D-9 with the Securities and Exchange Commission later todaywith more information on its analysis of the Sosnoff offer.    Analysts are generally bullish on the outlook for CaesarsWorld and some have placed the value of Caesars stock at from32 to 35 dlrs per share.    They have also asserted that Sosnoff is not likely tosucceed with the unsolicited bid unless he raises his offeringprice to a higher level.    Caesars World's stock is up 1-1/8 today at 29-1/8.    Janney Montgomery's Roffman believes potential suitors forthe hotel/casino company could be Golden Nugget Inc &lt;GNG>, orTracinda Corp, a company controlled by investor Kirk Kirkorian.    Golden Nugget has a good deal of cash on hand as the resultof the sale of its Atlantic City, N.J., casino to BallyManufacturing Corp &lt;BLY>, Roffman said.    Earlier this month Golden Nugget completed its sale of theAtlantic City property for 440 mln dlrs.    Roffman also believes Kerkorian is interested in gettinginvolved in the gaming business.    Mark Manson, an analyst at Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, saidoptions available to Ceasars also include a restructuring inthe form of a selloff of individual properties, a stock buybackor forming a master limited partnership.    "Very few of these options would weaken the value of thecompany," Manson said, but he declined to speculate on whichapproach Caesars might take. Reuter&#3;