U.S. crude oil prices are at theirhighest level in more than a year ahead of next week's OPECmeeting, even though most industry analysts do not expect anypolicy changes from the session.    They said prices, which have steadily climbed since theorganization's accord in December, have risen on technicalfactors within the market and concerns about supplies becauseof the Iran-Iraq war, which could disrupt deliveries from theGulf.    The U.S. benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate is tradingaround 20.55 dlrs in the July contract on New York MercantileExchange's energy futures and in the spot market. That is itshighest level since January 1986.    OPEC conference president Rilwanu Lukman, who is Nigeria'soil minister, said Friday he expects the meeting in Vienna tobe brief and calm and that OPEC's current price and productionagreement may only need a slight review.    Although most industry experts expect just a reaffirmationof the December agreement, oil prices continue to climb due toa desire to hedge positions in case of any surprises.    Analysts expect the higher prices to continue until soonafter the OPEC meeting. At that point, barring any increasedtension in the Gulf or changes in OPEC's policies, pricesshould begin easing.    "OPEC will probably not do anything it hasn't already agreedto in December because oil prices are firm," said John Hill, avice president at Merrill Lynch Futures.    OPEC agreed in December to maintain official oil prices at18 dlrs a barrel and raise the group's production ceiling to16.6 mln barrels per day in the third quarter and to 18.3 mlnbarrels in the fourth quarter.    This agreement helped send prices sharply higher, risingfrom 15 dlrs a barrel in early December.    Several OPEC members who are price hawks, including Iran,Algeria and Libya, will seek a higher official price and areduction in output.    "And if U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude continues totrade above 20 dlrs a barrel, there is a greater chance thatOPEC will raise its official 18 dlrs price," said NaumanBarakat, analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co.    But most analysts expect the more moderate producers, suchas Saudi Arabia, to block any changes in policy.    "The meeting will be a non-event with no change in theofficial prices because OPEC, and in particular the Saudis, arecommitted to stabilizing the market," said Rosario Ilacqua,analyst with L.F. Rothschild.    However, some analysts said OPEC may need to hold a meetingin September to re-evaluate market conditions.    Overproduction by OPEC will become a real problem in thefourth quarter when the quota is raised to 18.3 mln barrels aday and Iraq's pipeline through Turkey brings another 500,000barrels to the market each day, said John Lichtblau, presidentof Petroleum Industry Ressearch Foundation.    Most expect Saudi Arabia to oppose a price increase at thismeeting but many look for an increase by year-end to 20 dlrs tooffset the decline in the dollar. Oil prices are denominatedthroughout the world in dollars, so as the currency declines,producers receive less money for their oil.    "The only real production restraint in OPEC is Saudi Arabia,"said Sanford Margoshes, analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers.    "In the second half of the year we expect the Saudis not toproduce at their 4.1 mln barrel a day quota and therefore actas a vehicle to stablize the market and pave the way for a twodlrs a barrel price increase at the December 1987 meeting," hesaid.    One uncertain factor is the course of the Iran-Iraq war.    "The wild card is the increased tensions in the PersianGulf," said Frank Knuettel, analyst with Prudential-BacheSecurites.    Oil tankers taking oil from Iraq and Kuwait have beenregular targets for Iranian planes. The Reagan administrationis planning to put Kuwait tankers under the protection of theU.S. flag, with naval escorts.    "Extra (oil) inventories are needed during a time of crisislike this, and just general nervousness over an incident thatcould disrupt oil supplies drives prices up," Knuettel said. Reuter&#3;