The 30 mln dlr closed-end Korea EuropeFund to be listed in London early next month will likely proveas successful as the New York-based 100 mln dlr Korea Fund,according to most securities analysts polled by Reuters here.    The paid-in capital of the Korea Fund was 60 mln dlrs whenit was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in September 1984and increased to 100 mln dlrs in June last year.    The fund's net assets totalled 154 mln dlrs at the end oflast year.    "Its (Korea Fund) runaway success was mainly due to steepprice gains on the Korea Stock Exchange ...," said Park Sin-bom,a director of Lucky Securities Co. "The Europe Fund is certainto benefit from this booming but closed market."    The South Korean stock market soared last year with thecomposite index, a weighted average of 355 listed shares,rising 68.9 pct. This week the index passed the 360 level forthe first time after starting the New Year on 264.82.    Dealers have said prices would continue to gain this yearin view of good prospects for the economy and an expectedpartial opening of the market to direct foreign investment.    However, some analysts are concerned about potential riskssuch as South Korea's unstable domestic politics and the lackof market sophistication.    Despite the doubts, the new fund is attracting offers inLondon and shares are trading at a premium of 40 to 60 pct overtheir 10 dlr issue price, said officials of SsangyongInvestment Company, one co-lead managers.    The offer is co-lead managed by Baring Brothers and Co Ltdof Britain and underwritten by 44 international banks andinstitutional investors, including eight South Koreansecurities firms.    A foreign securities analyst told Reuters the South Koreansecurities firms underwiting the issue were "greedily asking forhigh premiums" in reponse to big demand.    The portfolio will be managed on the London Stock Exchangeby Korea Schroder Fund Management Ltd, a joint venture between&lt;Schroders Plc> of Britain and four South Korean securitieshouses.    At the moment, foreigners can only invest in the localmarket indirectly through five locally-run trusts worth a totalof 140 mln dlrs, and the Korea Fund in New York.    But the government is expected to announce guidelines fordirect outside investment on the market by October, whenforeigners holding convertible bonds issued by &lt;SamsungElectronics Co Ltd> will have the option to trade them forshares.    Samsung issued 20 mln dlrs worth of convertible bonds inDecember 1985, the first of three South Korean firms so far totake the step. REUTER&#3;