The complex task of wielding controlover monetary policy in an increasingly fast-moving globaleconomy could be aided by tying policy to commodity prices, thenewest member of the Federal Reserve Board says.    Commodity prices are already considered by the Fed in themaking of monetary policy. But they would be given a muchgreater role under an idea being floated by Governor RobertHeller, who joined the board last August.    He conceeds that much more study of the idea is needed, butargues that such an arrangement, particularly if it wereadopted by other major industrial countries, could reduce thevolatility of exchange rates.    Moreover, it could help stabilize of the prices ofcommodities themselves, slowing changes in inflation.    His idea, which many conservative economists findappealing, has some backing among board members appointed inrecent years by President Reagan.    It would complement the present system of opening orclosing the monetary screws based on the pattern of inflation,key indicators such as unemployment, and the rise or fall ofthe money supply. Changes in the money supply can lead tochanges in interest rates and affect economic activitydirectly.    Discussed on and off for a long time, the commodity conceptis part of a growing search for a system that anchors monetarypolicy and widely-fluxtuating currency prices to a more solidbase.    "What is needed is an anchor or reference point that canserve as a guide for both domestic and international monetarypurposes," says Heller.    In the past, this anchor was gold but the United Stateswent off the gold standard because the global economy hadvastly outstripped gold supplies.    A return to the gold standard is generally dismissed out ofhand by most policymakers on the grounds that the largestproducers of gold are the Soviet Union and South Africa.    The so-called fixed rate system, scuttled in the early1970s, is still considered unworkable in the present world.    But the current system of floating currencies in whichcurrencies can fluxtuate widely, adding vast pressures to themonetary system, is also being widely questioned.    Some have suggested that the system might benefit from aformal approach that mandates intervention by countries whencurrencies wander above or below agreed to levels but there aremajor problems with this also.    For one thing, there is justifiable concern that countriesmight be relunctant to intervene if they felt it might bedetrimental to their own domestic economy.    Moreover, some question whether concerted intervention canmake much of an inpact if the overall market does not agreewith the fundamental judgement.    The poorest countries have called for a monetary conferenceto work out a new system that, not surprisingly, helps themcope with their overpowering debt problems.    Treasury Secretary James Baker, the Reagan administration'schief economic architect, has preferred to use the so-calledGroup of Five industrial countries or sometimes, Seven, as aforum to work out cooperative agreements on currency and othereconomic matters.   He appears convinced that officials from West Germany,France, Britain, Japan, Italy and Canada talking quietly behindclosed doors can reached reasoned decisions away from publicposturing.   The Heller approach, while extremely complex, could have aprofound impact on the system, ideally stabalizing prices andinternational exchange rates.    As envisioned by Heller, a basket of say, 30 majorcommodities ranging from wheat to oil, would be put togetherand prices would be measured on a regular basis.    "In times of rising commodity prices, monetary policy mightbe tightened and in times of falling commodity prices, montarypolicy might be eased," he says.    He notes that commodity prices are traded daily in auctionmarkets, and a commodity price index can be calculated on avirtually continuous basis.    Moreover, most commodity prices are produced, consumed andtraded on a world-wide basis, so "that an index has a relevancefor the entire world," he says.    In addition, commodity prices are at the beginning of theproduction chain and serve as an imput into virtually allproduction processes.    "Focusing on commodity prices as an early and sensitiveindicator of current and perhaps also future prices pressures,the monetary authorities may take such an index into account inmaking their monetary policy decisions," he says.    However, he says that any major change in a basic commoditysuch as occurred in oil during the 1970s because of action bythe OPEC cartel, would have to be discounted in such a system.    He says the worst thing that could happen is to allowmonetary policy to spread a freakish increase in one commodityto the rest of the system and to other commodities. Reuter&#3;