The dollar ended with modest net lossesagainst most major currencies as the market conducted a finalround of position-squaring ahead of tomorrow's crucial Group ofFive and Group of Seven meetings, dealers said.    "The dollar was trendless today. People are waiting to seeif anything new comes from the meetings tomorrow and will thentake it from there," said one dealer at a top European bank.    As a result, generally supportive comments by FederalReserve Chairman Paul Volcker and Japanese Finance MinisterKiichi Miyazawa went largely unheeded.    The dollar closed at 145.60/70 yen, down from 145.85/90.    However, the dollar's yen closing level was comfortablyabove its overseas low of just under 145 yen. Against the mark,the dollar finished at 1.8270/80 marks after falling to 1.8180in Europe and ending at 1.8260/70 here yesterday.    In Congressional testimony this morning, Fed Chairman PaulVolcker harped on his long-held fears about the potentiallycatastrophic fallout from a sharp dollar decline.    He also said the dollar's fall, thus far, should be "largeenough, in a context of a growing world economy and fiscalrestraint in the U.S., to support widespread expectations of anarrowing in the real trade deficit in the period ahead."    The market impact of Volcker's comments was minimal. "Itwas the same old story. Volcker was just fulfilling his role asa defender of the currency," said one trader.    The market was similarly dismissive of Japanese FinanceMinister Kiichi Miyazawa's upbeat appraisal of his hour-longconversation with U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker thisafternoon.    Miyazawa said that they both agreed on the need forcurrency stabilization and that he was satisfied with the rolethe U.S. has played in coordinated international efforts toprop up the dollar since the late February Paris agreement.    "Miyazawa can talk until he's blue in the face. The onlyperson who will make a difference is Baker," said Alan Rose ofFirst Interstate Bank in Los Angeles.    "The key question for the currency market is whether the(Reagan) administration will have a change of view to thedollar. If not, the dollar is going lower," he added.    The dollar's recent tumble to a 40-year low of 144.70 yenwas linked to the market's perception that Washington wasunhappy with the rate of adjustment of world trade imbalancesand that a continued orderly dollar decline was the leastdisruptive way of accelerating the process.    While most analysts do not expect any marked change ofattitude in Washington, they were reluctant to open any freshpositions until later in the week.    "We are reserving judgement for the time being," said DougMadison of Commerzbank Ag.    The tranquility of the dollar market spread to sterlingtrading today. The pound ended unchanged against the dollar at1.6175/85 and edged up to 2.957 marks from 2.955 yesterday.    However, underlying sentiment remains positive after a U.K.opinion poll gave the ruling Conservative party its highestpopularity rating since it was re-elected in 1983.    "Sterling still seems to be on the firm side," said onedealer.    The Canadian currency also retained a generally strongertone, rising to 1.3055/60 to its U.S. counterpart from1.3080/85 yesterday.    According to figures provided by Morgan Guaranty Trust Co,the dollar's trade-weighted value at midday was 5.7 pct belowaverage market rates in 1980-82, compared with 5.5 pctyesterday. Reuter&#3;