&lt;British ColumbiaResources Investment Corp>, earlier reporting higher full yearoperating losses, said it reached agreement in principle withfive lenders providing for a 360 mln dlr credit facility over afour year term.    The company said the credit facility is extendable undercertain circumstances, with annual principal payments of fivemln dlrs. The agreement is subject to certain lender approvalsand completion of formal documentation.    It earlier reported 1986 losses before extraordinary itemsrose to 26.4 mln dlrs from year-ago 7.2 mln dlrs.    B.C. Resources also said dividends on its series 2preferred shares and exchangeable preferred shares will remainsuspended.    However, payment will be made on account of the quarterlydividend on the exchangeable preferred shares by the company'strustee from a deposit account, B.C. Resources said.    Sufficient funds should be available to pay full amount ofthe March 31, 1987 dividend to exchangeable preferredshareholders, with payment expected in early April toshareholders of record March 31, the company said.    If future dividends are not declared after the Aprilexchangeable preferred quarterly payout, future payment willdepend on the amount of dividends received from WestcoastTransmission Co &lt;WTC>, B.C. Resources said.    The company said its increased fourth quarter and full yearoperating losses primarily resulted from lower oil prices and afour month labor shutdown at its Balmer coal mine in BritishColumbia.    B.C. Resources also recorded a 99.9 mln dlr extraordinaryloss, which included losses on disposition of North Sea oil andgas interests by 67 pct owned &lt;Westar Mining Ltd>.    B.C. Resources' 1986 extraordinary charge also included awritedown of its investment in Westar Petroleum. Gains on thesales of Westar Timber's Skeena and Celgar pulp mills andTerrace sawmill partially offset the extraordinary loss, thecompany said.    The company said the asset sales have eliminated B.C.Resources' long term financing commitment in the North Sea andexposure to the fluctuating pulp market.    It also said it cut long term debt in 1986 to 900 mln dlrsfrom 1.3 billion dlrs at year-end 1985, and management changesand staff cuts have significantly reduced costs. Reuter&#3;