A bid by San Miguel Corp (SMC) &lt;SANM.MN>to buy back 38.1 mln sequestered shares from United CoconutPlanters Bank (UCPB) has been hit by two new lawsuits, sourcesin the Philippine food and brewery company said.    A Manila court yesterday issued an injunction barring UCPBfrom selling the shares, which represent 31 pct of SMC'soutstanding capital stock of 121 mln shares, until hearings onApril 21 on a petition filed by Eduardo Cojuangco, a formerchairman of both SMC and UCPB.    Cojuangco said the Coconut Industry Investment Fund (CIIF)and 1.4 mln farmers were the rightful owners of the shares.    Cojuangco said the shares were held in trust by UCPB andrepresented a blue chip investment. His petition said UCPB'splans to sell the shares to SMC were "a serious breach offiduciary duties."    The SMC sources said the proposed share sale could also beheld up by a second derivative suit filed before the Securitiesand Exchange Commission (SEC) by Eduardo de los Angeles, agovernment nominee on the company's board.    De los Angeles, who represents SMC's minority stockholders,asked the SEC to block the transaction, approved last week bythe company's board.    On April 2 the board sanctioned the repurchase of thesequestered shares for 4.79 billion pesos at 126 pesos pershare. De los Angeles told the SEC the company's retainedearnings of 1.33 billion pesos would be wiped out by thepurchase of the shares and would prevent the declaration ofdividends.    De los Angeles said the share purchase would also violatean SMC agreement with its creditors to maintain a 2.2-to-1 debtto equity ratio. He quoted SMC's chief financial director Ramondel Rosario as telling the board that the transaction wouldboost the ratio to 2.5-to-1.    In petitioning the SEC, de los Angeles amended an earliersuit two weeks ago in which he charged SMC Chairman AndresSoriano III and nine other directors of violating their duties.    De los Angeles' earlier complaint related to SMC assuminglast December a 26.5 mln dlr loan contracted by SMC's Hong Kongsubsidiary &lt;Neptunia Corp> for a down payment on the shares.The loan assumption was again ratified by last week's boardmeeting.    An arbitration panel set up by President Corazon Aquino toresolve the ownership issue is expected to submit its report byApril 15.    "The amended suit filed by Eduardo de los Angeles is part ofa continuing attempt by certain elements, in complete disregardof the facts and with questionable motives, to delay an earlydisposition of the sequestered shares," San Miguel Corp said ina statement.    "Coming as it does, when San Miguel Corp and UCPB havereached agreement on the price of the shares and the method ofpayment, this suit is in direct contravention of thegovernment's expressed desire to reach an amicable settlementof the controversy by April 15," the statement added.    A San Miguel spokesman said he had no comment onCojuangco's court petition, adding: "Any statement coming fromus might be interpreted as adversarial."    Meanwhile, Ramon Diaz, the head of a government panel whichsequestered the shares last year, said Soriano was not eligibleto buy the major portion of the shares because he was a UnitedStates citizen.    The sequestered shares are split into 24 mln "A" shares,which can only be owned by Filipinos, and 14 mln "B" shares whichare available to foreign buyers.    SMC sources said Soriano personally was not amongprospective buyers. They said the shares would be purchased bythe &lt;A.Soriano> group of companies, SMC, Neptunia and unnamedinstitutional investors. Soriano was named as one of the buyersin a bid in March 1986 for 33 mln shares controlled by UCPB.    The sale was aborted when Diaz's Presidential Commission onGood Government sequestered the shares on suspicion they wereowned by Cojuangco, a close associate of former PresidentFerdinand Marcos. Cojuangco lives in self-imposed exile in theU.S.. The shares grew to 38.1 mln after a 15 pct stock dividendannounced last June.    "We have no objection to Soriano buying the "B" shares," Diaztold Reuters. "But everything is on hold now."    The SMC spokesman said he did not know if the controversywould be resolved before the company's annual stockholders'meeting, scheduled for May 14.    San Miguel Corp reported sales revenue of 12.2 billionpesos in 1986, 11 pct above its 10.9 billion peso sales in1985. It said unaudited net profit was in the neighbourhood of700 mln pesos, an increase of about 50 pct over 1985. REUTER&#3;