The Bank of England does not favour theintroduction of rules to shield companies from hostile takeoverattempts, its governor, Robin Leigh-Pemberton, said.    Instead, merchant banks advising bidding companies mustshow restraint and responsibility to avoid the excesses thathave marred recent takeovers, he told the Yorkshire andHumberside Regional Confederation of British Industries' annualdinner.    Leigh-Pemberton also called on companies to improve tieswith institutional investors, suggesting representatives ofthose institutions be granted seats on the boards of directorsof companies they invest in.    "Boards cannot expect protection from unwelcome predators,for that is but a short step from saying that they should beprotected from their own shareholders -- who are, after all,the proprietors of the company," Leigh-Pemberton said.    He added takeovers and mergers had an important role toplay in furthering economies of scale, integration and moreefficient market penetration. "The degree of success or failure(of a takeover) has not in my experience depended on whether ornot the takeover was contested," he said.    Leigh-Pemberton noted there had been excesses in takeoveractivity in the recent past. "The aim is to pressurise acompany's management into action dedicated solely to afavourable impact on the share price in the short-term, partlyor even primarily at the expense of the future," he said.    Such bids "often depend for their success on creating ahighly-charged and artificial situation in the share market,and give rise to temptations, on both sides of the battle, toengage in aggressive, even manipulative tactics that areimmensely damaging to the interest of the shareholders," hesaid.    In a clear reference recent events, he said "those in theCity who act for companies or individuals .. Must, I suggest,be ready to accept a full measure of responsibility -- even ifit entails opprobrium -- for the transactions that may result."    They "should exercise the most careful judgment at theoutset with respect to the clients for whom they act and theactivities contenplated. Those who sow wind cannot expect thewhirlwind to visit elsewhere," he added. REUTER&#3;