Nippon Life Insurance Co's 538 mln dlrpurchase of a 13 pct stake in Shearson Lehman Brothers Incbrokerage unit is a shrewd move that other Japanese insurersare likely to follow, securities analysts said.    The investment in one of Wall Street's top brokerage housesis likely to pay off in dollars and international marketposition, they said. "It's part of a trend towards growingcapital participation by Japanese insurance firms in foreignfinancial institutions," said Simon Smithson, an analyst withKleinwort Benson International Inc in Tokyo.    The investment in Shearson Lehman, a growing firm describedby some analysts as the top U.S. Retail brokerage, will giveNippon Life a ringside seat and possibly lower commissions onWall Street, where it invests an increasing percentage of itsassets of 90.2 billion dlrs, they said.    Nippon Life staff will also acquire expertise in businesssectors which have not yet opened up in Japan, they added.    The agreement between the two companies calls for a 50-50joint venture in London focussing on investment advisory assetmanagement, market research, and consulting on financing.    Nippon Life is Japan's largest insurance company and theworld's biggest institutional investor, analysts said.    The Japanese finance ministry is expected to approve thedeal in April, making Nippon Life the first Japanese lifeinsurance firm to take a stake in a U.S. Financial firm.    The limit on foreign assets as a proportion of Japaneseinsurers' assets was increased to 25 pct from 10 pct last year.Since then, they have stepped up purchases of foreign stocksand sought to deepen their understandng of foreign markets andinstruments.    Last year, a Sumitomo Life Insurance Co official wasappointed to E.F. Hutton Group Inc unit E.F. Hutton and Co'sboard and Sumitomo Bank Ltd spent 500 mln dlrs to become alimited partner in Goldman, Sachs and Co.    Smithson said Japanese banks started buying smaller andproblem-plagued banks in 1984. "But now Japanese are going forblue-chip organisations," he said.    "It's a reflection of what has happened in manufacturingindustries," said Brian Waterhouse at James Capel and Co. "With ahistorically high yen, and historically low interest rates,there's an increasing disincentive to invest in Japan."    Competition in fund management has grown along with greaterJapanese savings. The typical salaried employee has 7.33 mlnyen in savings, reflecting an annual average savings rate of 17to 18 pct, he said.    To stay competitive, fund managers must invest overseas andgain experience with financial instruments which are likely tospread to Japan with further deregulation. "The high regulatoryenvironment has delayed (life insurance firms')diversification. Now there's a growing number of new productsin an environment of increasing competition for performance onfund management," Smithson said. REUTER&#3;