Three Japanese credit rating agencies areentering into fierce competition with &lt;Moody's Japan K.K.> and&lt;Standard and Poor's Asia Inc>, the local branches of the twoU.S. Giants, as the Japanese credit market opens up toforeigners, Japanese rating agency managers said.    Standard and Poor's recent triple-A rating of &lt;Chiyoda Fireand Marine Insurance Co Ltd's> claims-paying ability caused theJapanese agencies, which had rated Chiyoda's convertible bondonly A-plus, to come under some criticism for being tooconservative, they said.    Chiyoda is Japan's eighth largest non-life insurer.    Standard and Poor's Corp has been in the business for morethan a century while &lt;Moody's Investors Service Inc> wasfounded more than 80 years ago. Each has rated some 20,000 to30,000 U.S. And about 100 Japanese issues.    With Japanese insurers eager to issue more bonds throughoverseas financing companies, Chiyoda's rating will stimulatetheir interest in using the U.S. Agencies, the analysts said.    Standard and Poor's said Chiyoda's rating was based on itsstrong capitalisation, stable performance and high levels ofunrealised appreciation, particularly in its stock portfolio.    The U.S. Agency also emphasised the favourable regulatoryenvironment in which Japan's non-life insurers operate.    Japanese agencies were shocked by the earlier AAA ratingson the claims-paying ability of &lt;Sumitomo Life Insurance Co>and &lt;Dai-Ichi Mutual Life Insurance Co> by Standard and Poor's,the first ratings given to Japanese life insurers.    Strong Japanese insurers can accumulate cash to ward offshocks from any foreign investment, Standard and Poor's said.    A month ago &lt;Nippon Investors Service Inc> (NIS) assignedan AAA rating to &lt;Financial Securities Assurance Inc>, a U.S.Firm that gives financial guarantees on corporate securities.     "NIS has assigned rates on a U.S. Firm for the first time inJapan, which was the first step into the U.S. Rating market,"Kazuya Kumura, general manager of NIS, said.    Kyosuke Yoshida, managing director of Japan Bond ResearchInstitute (JBRI), said, "Agencies should be more actively usedto respond better to growing overseas investor interest."    Takeshi Watanabe, president of Japan Credit Rating AgencyLtd (JCRA), said, "(Our) advantages are that we have a deeperunderstanding of business practices in Japan, other Asiannations and Japanese investor behaviour and are also more alertand quick to react to domestic news."     JBRI, with 12 years' experience, is Japan's largest agency.The other two have been in business for two years.    Finance Ministry approval of yen commercial paper issues byJapanese residents, which is expected soon, will stimulatelocal agencies to grow quickly, securities analysts said.    The Finance Ministry is encouraging more use of agencies bygradually abolishing limits on corporate debt creation.    In December it allowed non-residents holding at least anA-rating from one of the agencies to issue samurai, shogun andeuroyen bonds without first meeting the normal stringentfinancial criteria.     But local companies, regardless of the rating obtained fora planned bond, must meet the tough financial criteria set bycommissioned banks and underwriters, which includes minimum netasset requirements and capitalisation, local agency managerssaid.    Commissioned banks are responsible for protectingbondholders and conducting principal and coupon payments.    Investors' risk in corporate default has been checked bythe very system that is slowing the smooth growth of Japanesecredit rating agencies, the managers said.     "The idea of rating in Japan has been woven intoprerequisites for an issuer company to satisfy financialcriteria," JCRA's Watanabe said.    The Finance Ministry, commissioned banks and securitieshouses agreed in January to lower the eligibility ceiling forcompanies wanting to issue non-collateral straight bonds.    "An internationally comprehensive market system is needed tolure more overseas investors into the Japanese market," JBRI'sYoshida said. REUTER&#3;