The Australia based &lt;AriadneAustralia Ltd>, plans to set up a branch in the Philippines tofulfill a prerequisite for the takeover of the Philippinebrewing firm, &lt;San Miguel Corp>, a Hong Kong newspaper said.    The Hong Kong Economic Journal quoted a spokesman ofAustralian stock broker Jacksons Ltd as saying that &lt;BarwonFarmlands Ltd>, a listed Australian firm of which Ariadne ownsa 30 pct stake, is planning a branch in the Philippines.    He added Jacksons is arranging an offer by Barwon to pay atotal 3.8 billion pesos in cash for 38 mln San Miguel shares.    Barwon is offering 100 pesos each for 24 mln class A SanMiguel shares and 14 mln class B stock. But the Jacksonsspokesman noted that the more valuable A stock would only besold to Filipinos or companies registered in the Philippines.    He said Barwon has approached the Philippine governmentwhich seized the block of shares from the United CoconutPlanters Bank, which is believed to be linked with thecountry's deposed President Ferdinand Marcos.    He added he expects a deal to be concluded between Barwonand the Philippine Government in 14 days as it is the onlyoffer in cash, the newspaper reported.    Hong Kong Economic Journal also noted stock market rumoursthat &lt;Neptunia Corp>, a Hong Kong registered company whichcontrolled by San Miguel's president Andres Soriano, is theother party keen on the block of San Miguel shares.    The Philippine's Commission on Good Government ruled lastMay against a move of Neptunia to acquire 33 mln San Miguelshares controlled by the brewery firm's former chairman EduardoCojuangco, who is also chairman of United Coconut.    Commissioner Ramon Diaz said at the time the governmentwould not allow a subsidiary to buy into a parent firm, addingSan Miguel could have offered the shares to other parties.    The Manila newspaper Sunday Times published a letter sentyesterday to President Corazon Aquino from Ariadne's chairman,New Zealander Bruce Judge, that he was offering cash equivalentto five pct of the nation's yearly budget to buy the sharesfrom the government.    "Judge's offer of 3.8 billion pesos is about five pct of thePhilippines' yearly budget," Ariadne's Philippine agent DomingoPanganiban was quoted as telling reporters yesterday.    Spokesmen of Ariadne, Jacksons and Neptunia were notavailable for comment, nor any officials of the Philippines.    &lt;San Miguel Brewery Ltd>, a Hong Kong listed company whichis 69.65 pct held by Neptunia on behalf of San Miguel Corp,closed 40 cents higher at 15.50 H.K. Dlrs on Friday. REUTER&#3;