Bank fuer Gemeinwirtschaft AG's&lt;BKFG.F> (BfG) partial operating profits in the first fourmonths of this year were lower than in the same period in 1986,management board chairman Thomas Wegscheider said.    But the balance sheet total at the end of May was four pcthigher than one year earlier as savings continued to flow intothe bank, he told the annual press conference.    BfG parent bank partial operating profits halved to 166 mlnmarks in 1986 from 311 mln in 1985, with the balance sheetfalling to 48.80 billion marks from 49.02 billion.    Wegscheider declined to give a forecast for the full year,and noted that the first four months of this year were notcomparable with the 1986 period as first quarter 1986 had beenextremely successful for the bank.    The general banking environment this year was not easy,with the interest margin under pressure, securities businesssuffering from markedly lower bourse turnover than last yearand sluggish credit demand, he said.    "As far as the specific BfG environment is concerned, wenote a clear atmospheric improvement, which however is beingreflected in the figures only slowly," he added.    Wegscheider said the bank was recovering from speculationabout its ownership, which had unnerved many customers lastyear, and from the financial crisis involving the Neue Heimathousing group linked to BfG's former trade union owners.    Insurer Aachener und Muenchener Beteiligungs-AG &lt;AMVG.F>,AMB, acquired 50 pct plus one share of BfG late last year.    Wegscheider said that earnings from trading on the bank'sown account in 1986 had been a little higher than partialoperating profits, but had performed better in the first half.    Following the AMB acquisition, BfG sold its 25.01 pct stakein &lt;Volksfuersorge Deutsche Lebensversicherung AG>, its 74.9pct in &lt;BSV Bank fuer Sparanlagen und Vermoegensbildung AG> andfive pct of &lt;Allgemeine Hypothekenbank AG>.    These sales produced extraordinary earnings of 700 mlnmarks, with parent bank earnings from profit transferagreements rising to 494.18 mln marks in 1986 from 54.24 mln in1985, and other earnings including writing bank risk provisionsrising to 317.95 mln marks from 65.67 mln.    Wegscheider said most of the extraordinary earnings wentinto risk provisions.    Total risk provisions, undetailed, were more than twice ashigh as in 1985, Wegscheider said. Published group riskprovisions rose to 865.9 mln marks from 366.7 mln. But theshare of credits to problem countries covered by riskprovisions was still below 50 pct at BfG, he said.    The BSV Bank stake sale was one of the main factors behinda 3.8 billion mark drop in the group balance sheet in 1986.    Wegscheider said the re-organization of BfG, planned beforethe AMB acquisition and involving a decentralization, wouldoccupy much of BfG's energies this year. BfG and AMB were alsolooking at ways of cooperating in sales of services. REUTER&#3;