The price of Hongkong and ShanghaiHotels Ltd &lt;SHLH.HK>'s stock soared on speculation of atakeover battle between major shareholders the Kadoorie familyand the Evergo Industrial Enterprise Ltd &lt;EVGH.HK> group, stockbrokers said.    They noted heavy buying in Hk Hotel shares after anannouncement by Evergo's &lt;China Entertainment and LandInvestment Co Ltd> unit that it bought about 20 pct of HkHotels from the firm's deputy chairman David Liang for 1.06billion dlrs. The stock rose 12 H.K. Dlrs to 62 dlrs today.    Thomas Lau, Evergo's executive director, declined commenton whether the group is seeking a further stake in Hk Hotels.But he told Reuters the group will hold the 20 pct stake boughtfrom Liang as long term investment.    He said Evergo "was attracted by the underlying strength ofHk Hotels."    Analysts said Evergo may be looking for a possibleredevelopment of the Peninsula Hotel, one of Asia's best knownhotels, and another site on Hong Kong island. Both are owned byHk Hotels.    &lt;Lai Sun Garment Co ltd> yesterday said it acquired a 10pct stake in Hk Hotels from Liang for 530 mln dlrs.    Lau denied any link between China Entertainment and Lai Sunon their acquisitions of the Hk Hotels stake.    "It is purely coincidence," he said.    But analysts were not so certain, saying that the Evergogroup, which has a reputation as a corporate raider, may teamup with Lai Sun Garment for a takeover.    Lau also denied any contact with the Kadoorie family, whichanalysts estimate has more than 20 pct of Hk Hotels. MichaelKadoorie is chairman of Hk Hotels.    Lau said two representatives of Evergo will be nominated tothe Hk Hotels board.    A source close to the Kadoorie family said the family hasnot considered any countermoves so far.    Analysts said it would be difficult for Evergo and theKadoorie family to cooperate because of different managementstyles.    "Evergo may want to split up the hotel management andproperty developments of Hk Hotels but that strategy may notfit the conservative Kadoorie family," said an analyst who askednot to be named.    Another analyst noted the price of Hk Hotels had beendistorted by the takeover talks because its net asset value isonly worth about 50 dlrs a share. The offers by Evergo and LaiSun were for 53 dlrs a share, though that is well below thecurrent trading price.    Trading was suspended today in shares of Lai Sun, Evergo,China Entertainment and the group's associate &lt;Chinese EstatesLtd>.    Chinese Estates lost 25 cents to 20.15 dlrs yesterday,China Entertainment five to 8.60 dlrs and Evergo one to 74cents. Lai Sun gained 50 cents to 70.50 dlrs. REUTER&#3;