Bolivia is to make a formal offer duringthe next few months to buy back its 900 mln dlrs debt fromcommercial banks at a discount of up to 90 pct, central bankpresident Jier Nogales said.     Nogales told Reuters in an interview the steeringcommittee of Bolivia's creditor banks had agreed to considerthe offer at a meeting in New York last month.     He said the offer would be based on the value of Bolivianpaper on the international secondary debt market, where it nowtrades at between 10 and 15 pct of its face value.    Nogales said Bolivia will make a single offer to buy backits commercial debt and banks who accepted would be paid thediscounted rate in full.    Banks which declined the offer would be repaid over 20 to30 years at interest rates below those fixed in theinternational markets, he added.    Bolivia has frozen payments on medium and long term loansto commercial banks since March, 1984, and Nogales said therewould be no money available to restart traditional debtservicing to them for some time.     Several Latin American countries have initiated schemes tocancel foreign debt by equity swaps or third party buy-backs,but Bolivia would be the first country in the region to make aformal offer to buy back all its commercial bank debt atdiscounted rates.    Nogales said practical and strategic considerations woulddetermine the exact timing of the offer but it would be made inthe next few months.     He said Bolivia would not bargain with creditor banks overthe price to paid for the debt paper they hold, and would makea single non-negotiable offer.    He said Bolivia could not even pay interest to friendlycreditor countries, let alone commercial banks. The onlytraditional way forward was to capitalise interest, which wouldmean greater bank exposure in Bolivia and greater lossprovisions, he added.    "We are confident that the banks are going to bereasonable," Nogales said. "Now they can resolve their problemsfor once and for all."    "The most conservative ones who want a little more willwait a year, but I don't know if the window of opportunity willbe open all the time," he added.    Discussing the status of other parts of Bolivia's fourbillion dlr foreign debt, 2.5 billion of which is owed togovernments and the rest to international agencies, Nogalessaid negotiators had achieved considerable success in recentdiscussions with the Paris Club.     He said Paris Club creditors had agreed to rescheduleBolivian debt over 10 years with five to six years grace, whileaccepting that interest would not be paid until 1989. Interestrates were being discussed on a bilateral basis under ParisClub rules, he added.     He said some Paris Club members had agreed to disregardpenalty interest payments and negotiations were continuing withArgentina and Brazil, who hold 700 mln dlrs of Bolivian debt.    He said Bolivia was continuing to service loans frominternational agencies, and it expected to receive up to 400mln dlrs in disbursements this year.    The capital flow for loans and their servicing had changedfrom a negative balance of 250 mln dlrs in 1985 to a net inflowof 130 mln dlrs last year, he added.    Nogales said that Bolivia's net international reserves nowstood at around 250 mln dlrs, compared to one mln dlrs indisposable funds when the government of Victor Paz Estenssorotook office in August, 1985.    Nogales said inflation, which soared to over 20,000 pct ayear in the government's first month in office, was now down to10 pct on an annualised basis from the last six months, and theplan was that it should continue at this level.    He said the government was also expecting at least threepct growth in gdp this year after several years of negativerates. Reuter&#3;