OPEC's agreement to limit output to 16.6mln barrels per day (bpd) for the rest of the year should boostspot prices and enable the group to raise its officialreference price to 20 dlrs a barrel in January from the current18 dlrs, Far East oil industry sources said.    "Fundamentally, the market situation is bullish and theofficial price will be 20 dlrs in January," a Japanese refinersaid.    The sources said that in spite of over-production by OPECmembers such as Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait andQatar, demand should exceed supply by the fourth quarter.    Spot oil prices surged on Friday in late U.S. Trading asthe market anticipated an OPEC agreement on second-half 1987output. In early Tokyo trade, levels were firm at 17.30 dlrsfor Mideast Dubai cargoes loading next month and 19.00 dlrs forU.K. Brent, traders said.    They said they expect more foreign crudes to be sucked intothe U.S. Market as the benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate(WTI) trades at around 20.30 dlrs.    "With WTI at 20, 21 or 22 dlrs, U.S. Refiners will importMideast and Far East crudes and this will strengthen thosegrades further," said a Japanese oil trader.    Some Tokyo traders were cautious about whether thU spotmarket has further upward potential in the short term, havingrisen strongly on the OPEC news on Friday.    "You could certainly argue that if New York rose on thatbasis, there's no reason for prices to go up again today," saidone international oil trader in Tokyo.    "But I think if there's any sign of a dip, it will be boughtback up again pretty quickly," he added.    One oil industry analyst concurred, "There is no reason toexpect a weak market from now on." He said he expected OPEC toraise prices to 20 dlrs when it meets on December 9.    Oil sources said spot prices are unlikely to surge stronglyin the next few months due to cheating by some OPEC members andthe likelihood that Saudi Arabia will act as swing producer tomaintain steady prices.    Iraq is currently producing around two mln barrels per daycompared to its second-half quota of 1.54 mln, they said. Itsexport capability will rise to 2.5 mln bpd when a new pipelinethrough Turkey, comes onstream in or around September.    Qatar is said to be achieving sales of around 350,000 bpd,against its OPEC-assigned quota of 299,000, by discounting upto 20 cents a barrel from official prices, the sources said.    Iran, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait are also cheatingon the OPEC agreement with over-production and effective pricediscounts through counter-purchases, industry sources said. Butthey mostly agreed that Saudi Arabia will unofficially act asswing producer, cutting production to compensate for higheroutput by other members or boosting output if spot prices risetoo high too fast.    Saudi Arabia has a floating oil stockpile of 40 to 50 mlnbarrels. "Saudi Arabia wants oil price stability so thestockpile may be utilized to cool down the market if it risestoo much," an oil industry analyst said. REUTER&#3;