International efforts to redirect Japan'sexport-driven economy toward domestic consumption face heavygoing if the country's largest defence contractor and world'sbiggest shipbuilder is anything to go by.    Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd &lt;MITH.T> (MHI), which beganmaking ships and iron goods for Japan's military rulers 130years ago, is responding to the strong yen by redoubling itsefforts to maintain its share of export markets.    "If we sell the best quality and the cheapest products,everyone will buy them," MHI president Yotaro Iida said.    Although two of MHI's main businesses, shipbuilding andpower plant construction, have been hit hard by the yen's 40pct rise against the dollar, the company has no plans toabandon them, Iida told Reuters in an interview.    Its other big activity, aircraft component manufacture, hasperformed so well that MHI now accounts for half of the moneyTokyo spends on defence procurement each year.    "We have made the utmost efforts among the world'smanufacturers to improve productivity," he said. "You may besurprised if you come to see our plants. The outside is old butthe inside is ultra-modern, with robots and computers."    Securities analysts at major securities houses agreed thatMHI has pared costs more quickly than its competitors. Thecompany has slashed its workforce to 47,000 from 86,000 in1976.    Despite its cost-cutting, MHI expects profits to drop 40pct to 30 billion yen in the current fiscal year ending March31, from 1985/86's record 50.14 billion.    And that includes gains from the sale of MHI's stake inMitsubishi Motors Corp &lt;MIMT.T> for 49 billion yen.    Iida is optimistic about the future, however. He said aresurgence of demand from the Middle East following the recentrecovery in oil prices coupled with persistent demand for powerplants in developing countries will help MHI restore itsexports-to-sales ratio to the past decade's average of 30 pct.    MHI's exports-to-sales ratio fell to 25.9 pct in thehalf-year ended last September, from 35 to 36 pct five yearsago.    China is the most promising market, although MHI alsoconsiders other non-oil-producing developing countries as majorcustomers.    "Our customers are all seen as being in trouble due to alack of foreign currency," Iida said. But he added that he feltMHI could sell to those markets with Japanese governmentfinancial support.    It can also finance the plants itself and recover itsinvestment through product sales, a strategy Iida said couldprove popular in the future.    In shipping, MHI is fighting back against low-priced SouthKorean competition by building more technologically advancedcarriers to carry liquefied natural gas and other productsdifficult to transport.    Shipbuilders Association officials told Reuters MHI is theworld's largest shipbuilder in terms of orders and capacity.    Domestically, MHI is involved in 12 national projects,including development of nuclear fusion reactors and launchvehicles for man-made satellites.    It has been the biggest contractor for the Japan DefenceAgency's F-15 and F-14 jet fighters and missiles, although allof these have been built under licence from U.S. Firms.    MHI is now heading up five Japanese companies seeking todevelop the country's own fighter plane to replace thecurrently used F-1 support fighters in the late 1990s.    Military experts said Washington is putting strong pressureon Tokyo to buy a U.S. Plane, either the McDonnell Douglas CorpF-18 or General Dynamics Corp F-16, to reduce Japan's hugetrade surplus with the U.S.    "It might be a good idea to jointly produce planes with U.S.Makers as Japan is supported by the U.S. Defence umbrella," Iidasaid.    MHI also plans to cooperate with the U.S. In its StrategicDefence Initiative space defence program by participating inthe project when it moves from the research stage, he said.    The U.S. Has been seeking Japan's technological support.    In fiscal 1985/86, aircraft accounted for 17.1 pct of MHI'ssales, shipbuilding 17 pct and power plants 27.9 pct. Iida saidthe ideal ratio is power plants 30 pct, aircraft and specialvehicles 25 pct and shipbuilding 15 pct.    As for the remaining 30 pct, Iida said he wanted to shiftthe domestic focus away from heavy machinery sold tomanufacturers and towards household goods, but he declined tospecify which products.    "By the end of this year, you may find our brand name onyour daily products, although this does not mean we will runaway from our mainstream business," he said. REUTER&#3;