Japan"s 1987 car exportrestraint to the European Community (EC) is not enough, ECexternal trade chief Willy de Clercq said.    There are also strong signs Japanese exporters arediverting cars to the EC after the dollar"s fall against the yenmade their U.S. Market unprofitable, he told reporters aftermeeting U.S., Japanese, and Canadian trade ministers.    The EC has agreed that if it detects an abnormal diversionin Japanese exports from the U.S. To the EC market due tocurrency movements over the past two years, it will move toprevent it, he said.    Over the period, the yen has risen against the dollaralmost eight times as fast as against the European CurrencyUnit, he said.    Japan has set an unofficial, voluntary 10 pct rise in carexports to the EC this year as part of its efforts to stop itsrising trade surplus with the Community, which hit a record 18billion dlrs last year.    But Japanese car exports to the EC so far this year jumpedover 30 pct compared to a drop of 17 pct in U.S. Sales, and aseven per cent fall globally. "We think there is some diversionthere," said de Clercq.    Japanese officials say the overall annual rise will be only10 pct.    "But even 10 pct is 100,000 cars, whereas we sell only40,000 cars to Japan (per year) in total," he said.    The EC is also demanding that Japan ease its strict checksand requirements for imported cars, which Brussels says is anon-tariff barrier.    The EC is also worried because EC demand for cars isfalling this year, making any rise in Japanese imports evenmore serious for EC auto manufacturers.    De Clercq, who has taken a hard line on world tradeproblems at this weekend meeting in central Japan, said the ECappreciated Japan"s plans to cut exports and lift domesticgrowth instead.    "But even if all these measures are implemented, it willtake time. But there is not time," he said.    "There are burning issues on the table which cannot wait. Itwere better that the fire were put out immediately and not towait till the house burns down," he said. REUTER&#3;