Charter Co, the hugepetrochemical concern in bankruptcy proceedings stemming fromhundreds of dioxin-related claims, said it and all of itssubsidiaries, except the Independent Petrochemical Corp, willcomplete their reorganization on March 31.    It said that on that date, it will deposit with an escrowagent 288.8 mln dlrs in cash, 66.7 mln dlrs in notes and 31 mlnshares of its common for distribution.    Company officials were not immediately available forcomment.    As previously reported, Charter settled dioxin-relatedclaims for about 1,200 individuals and the state of Missouri,resolving claims against it and all subsidiaries exceptIndependent Petrochemical.    Charter said some of the settlements remain subject toappeals and final court approvals and resolve claims againstcharter and its subsidiaries except Independent Petrochemical.    It said about 500 individual claims against it and certainof its units remain pending as disputed claims in bankruptcycourt. It said about 300 of these claims have been filed sinceconfirmation of the joint plan of reorganization.    Charter said its two creditors, an equity committee in itsbankruptcy proceedings and &lt;American Financial Corp>, whichwill own 50.5 pct of its common after the reorganization, havewaived the requirement that Charter resolve all dioxin-relatedclaims against it prior to completing its reorganization.    That requirement excludes claims against IndependentPetrochemical. Charter also said a plan for liquidation ofIndependent has been approved by the bankruptcy court and willbe completed after March 31.    Earlier, Charter reported net income for the year of 153.2mln dlrs, which included a gain of 28.5 mln dlrs fordiscontinued operations and 114.8 mln dlrs for the settlementof claims in its reorganization proceedings.    In 1985, it reported earnings of 1,274,000 dlrs, whichincluded a loss of 36.3 mln dlrs for discontinued operationsand 29.4 mln dlrs for extraordinary items.    For the fourth quarter, it reported earnings of 118.8 mlndlrs, including a gain of 28.6 mln dlrs for discontinuedoperations and 90.5 mln dlrs mainly for claims settlements. Inthe year-ago period, Charter reported a loss of 13 mln dlrs. Reuter&#3;