The Securities and ExchangeCommission approved a request by two firms controlled by insidetrader Ivan Boesky that allows them to take steps to protecthundreds of millions of dollars from potential claimants.    The SEC granted requests made by Seemala Partners L.P. andIFB Managing Partnership L.P., to withdraw as registeredbrokers, effective March 12.    With the action, the partnerships are no longer subject tothe SEC's net capital rules requiring them to remain solvent asbrokerage firms. Seemala argued the move would be necessary ifnoteholders of Ivan Boesky and Co L.P. are to be repaid.    In asking the SEC to speed its withdrawal as a registeredbroker, Seemala said it wold repay to Boesky and Co, which isalso controlled by the former Wall Street arbitrageur, 660 mlndlrs in subordinated debt, plus accrued interest.    IFB Managing Partners, which was also given approval towithdraw as a broker, has no significant assets, the SEC said.    Once it is repaid, Boesky and Co will pay 200 mln dlrs insenior participating notes and 440 mln dlrs in subordinatedparticipating notes of Hudson Funding Corp to certainnoteholders, Seemala told the SEC.    Under the planned repayment scheme, Seemala told the SECthe noteholders would forgo claims of prepayment penalties andsome additional interest amounting to more than 100 mln dlrs.    The plan would be in the public interest, Seemala argued,since the noteholders, many of which are savings and loaninstitutions and insurance companies, would receive repaymentof the principal on their notes.    Seemala also argued that the plan would help the limitedpartners of Boesky and Co, who were not charged in the Boeskyinsider trading scandal, by protecting its remaining equityfrom the noteholders' claims.    Unless the Boesky firms are allowed to complete therepayment plan, Seemala said Boesky and Co noteholders wouldseek total claims of 116.8 mln dlrs, plus 9.2 mln dlrs to 10.6mln dlrs a month in addition, in addition to other claims.    Such claims could wipe out Boesky and Co's assets beforeother creditors can establish their claims, Seemala said.    The only opposition to Seemala's Feb 12 request to withdrawas a broker came from Berger and Montague P.C., counsel for theplaintiffs in a class action suit against Seemala and otherdefendants. The suit involves charges stemming from Boesky'sinsider trading in the stock of several major companies.    Berger and Montague told the SEC it opposes the Seemalaproposal because it would allow Boesky and Co noteholders tosettle their claims ahead of the plaintiffs in the class actionand because Seemala did not disclose the total amount of claimsagainst it and what percentage defrauded investors would get.    Seemala has said that its repayment scheme would leave apool of about 278 mln dlrs free of claims from Boesky and Conoteholders which could satisfy other claimants.    The pool would be in addition to funds placed in escrowunder insider trading settlement agreements, including 11.4 mlndlrs from Dennis Levine and 50 mln dlrs from Boesky.    In approving the request, the SEC barred Seemala and Boeskyand Co from making any distributions to its limited partnersfor one year and required limited partners who receivedistributions to agree to make themselves liabile up to a pointin any case filed the partnerships.    The SEC also required Seemala and Boesky and Co to getconfirmation of their assets from a nationally recognizedaccounting firm.    The agency said Boesky and Co and existing and potentialclaimants against it have similar interests in eliminatingmajor creditors and preserving assets for future claims. Reuter&#3;