The International Monetary Fundpredicts that the industrial world will grow a sluggish 2.5 pctin 1987, a sharp drop from the more than three pct forecast sixmonths ago, monetary sources said.    The forecasts, prepared by the IMF staff, will form thebasis of a debate on economic policy coordination by officialsof top industrial nations at high-level meetings next week.    The sources said the IMF predicts an expansion of just 2.5pct in the U.S., shaving a full one point off its original 1987forecast, released last fall.    The figures will be discussed by the IMF's executive boardbefore going to the IMF's policy-making Interim Committee herenext week and may be subject to slight revision, they said.    The Reagan administration has forecast 3.2 pct U.S.economic growth this year while more pessimistic Fed officialsare predicting 2.5 to three pct.    The sources said the IMF also predicts growth of around 2.5 pct in West Germany, and 2.8 pct in Japan.    Washington has extracted promises from both West Germanyand Japan that they will take measures to bolster theirdomestic economic growth, to help reduce the massive gapbetween their huge trade surpluses and the record Americantrade deficit.    Poor economic growth figures in these two nations and theU.S. are likely to do little to reassure currency markets.    In recent days, the dollar has come under heavy sellingpressure as markets have grown cynical that Bonn and Tokyo willtake early action.    With no economic stimulus in sight, financial markets havereduced the dollar's value to levels that are more likely tobalance U.S. trade, monetary analysts say.    Monetary sources also said the IMF forecasts overall growthin developing nations of around three pct this year, withdeveloping countries in the western hemisphere -- theCaribbean, Central and South America -- expanding 3.3 pct.    In its recent annual report, the Inter-American DevelopmentBank said Latin American nations need to expand between fourand five pct this year to service their 382 billion dlrs offoreign debt.    Non-oil exporting Third World nations should achieve anexpansion of around four per cent while oil exporting nationswill average almost no growth at all, the sources said.    Also short of the mark is the level of industrial countrygrowth. Western officials maintain the industrial world needsto expand at least three per cent annually -- against thisyear's initial IMF prediction of 2.5 pct -- in order to supportthe export drive of debtor nations.    Exports provide the indebted world, which owes westerncreditors some 900 billion dlrs, with its principal source offoreign exchange for debt repayments.    In other forecasts, the IMF put overall global growth atabout 2.8 pct and output in the seven leading industrialnations at around 2.5 pct.    The seven -- the United States, Japan, West Germany,Britain, France, Italy and Canada -- have become the main forumfor coordination of medium-term economic policies in theindustrial world. The prediction for the seven is also around2.5 pct growth in 1987.    The Fund put Canadian growth at about 2.7 pct, the Frenchexpansion at 2.9 pct and Britain at 2.8 pct.    The figures will be discussed as part of an overall debateon the World Economic Outlook and the U.S. debt strategy by theInterim Committee.    Those talks are one of several meetings between topeconomic officials of industrial and developing nations duringthe semi-annual meetings of the IMF and the World Bank. Reuter&#3;