Sen. Jake Garn (R-Utah) said a delayin rescuing the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp riskeda run on thrift deposits by nervous customers.    Garn told a Georgetown University conference on financialinstitutions that news reports that the Federal Savings andLoan Insurance Corp was technically in deficit were true andurged swift congressional action to strengthen the fund.    Garn said his office received calls from individualsworried about the safety of their money. "The runs have started,"Garn, a member of the Banking Committee, said.    Legislation to infuse more money into the fund whichinsures savings deposits was to be voted on today by thecommittee but was postponed because of last-minute differences.    FSLIC has reserves of two billion dlrs but faces potentialclaims of 15 billion dlrs, Garn said.    He said the claims would not come all at once, however, anddismissed any real danger to deposits at federally insuredthrifts up to the insurance level of 100,000 dlrs.    "People's money is safe," Garn said, but he added, "We need toquiet down the situation and put their fear to bed."    Garn said he and Committee Chairman William Proxmire(D-Wis) agree on the need for legislation but they differedover strategy.    Garn opposes including other issues in the legislation andwould prefer a bill that was limited to restoring FSLIC andgiving regulators more power to cope with failing banks andthrifts.    Proxmire's bill also would prohibit new so-called nonbankbanks and thrifts which use a regulatory loophole to operateoutside the usual legal limits on traditional banks.    William Isaac, former chairman of the Federal DepositInsurance Corp, told the conference that if that fund werecombined with FSLIC they could have 29 billion dlrs and covercontingencies for both the bank and thrift industries.    However, political differences make a merger of the twofederal funds unlikely, Isaac, now president of the SecuraGroup, a consulting firm, said.    By the 1990's the financial industry will include a handfulof nationwide institutions offering every type of financialservice which evolved from today's banks, nontraditionalfinancial firms and industrial companies. Reuter&#3;