King Fahd of Saudi Arabia begins afour-day state visit on Tuesday which will focus on redressingBritain's large trade surplus with the kingdom and reaffirmingties between the traditionally close countries.    British officials said King Fahd may ask Britain to restorediplomatic relations with Syria, broken off by London lastOctober after evidence in the trial of Nizar Hindawi showedSyrian agents were behind a plan to bomb an Israeli airliner.    But one official said the king would be told Britain stillneeds "clear and sustainable evidence that the Syrians haverenounced state-sponsored terrorism. So far they haven't."    Britain will stress its support for an international peaceconference on the Middle East and its concern over allegedhuman rights abuses by Israel in the occupied West Bank andGaza, the officials told Reuters.    The Saudi leader will hold talks with Prime MinisterMargaret Thatcher and meet Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philipduring the visit, his first to Britain since he assumed powerin June 1982.    King Fahd will be accompanied by his trade, defence, oiland health ministers, who will hold talks with their Britishcounterparts.    Relations between the two countries have generally beenwarm. But they were strained last year by the deportation of 35British nurses from the kingdom for illegal drinking and thepublication of a letter by a retired British ambassadordescribing Saudi Arabians as incompetent and arrogant.    Saudi Arabia is Britain's largest export market in theMiddle East.    Britain exported 1.5 billion stg worth of goods to SaudiArabia last year while British imports from that country in thesame period totalled 436 mln.    Trade officials will discuss what countertrade Britain canoffer in return for Riyadh giving London its biggest-ever armsexport order.    Under the five billion stg deal signed last year, SaudiArabia has agreed to buy 132 warplanes including 72 Tornadofighters.    Saudi Oil Minister Hisham Nazer is likely to discuss oilprice stabilisation but Britain would not change its refusal tolimit its North Sea oil production and exports, officials said.    Saudi Arabia, the world's biggest oil exporter, has askedall oil-producing countries to help stabilise oil prices at 18dlrs a barrel by curbing output and exports.    King Fahd's trip follows several visits to Saudi Arabia byBritish officials in recent months. Britain's Prince Charlesand Princess Diana went to Saudi Arabia in November.    There were two previous state tours of Britain by Saudimonarchs. King Faisal visited in 1967 and King Khaled in 1981. REUTER&#3;