Energy Secretary John Herrington hasproposed several ways to boost U.S. oil production, but he saidall would cost the Treasury money and will come under closeWhite House scrutiny before action is taken.    One measure he said he favored would raise the depletionallowance to 27.5 pct on new oil and gas production as well asproduction using enhanced extraction methods.    Herrington said such a plan would cost 200 mln dlrs a year.The White House, reacting, said it did not favor amending thetax code, but would look at the proposal.    Herrington's proposals to spur production were made alongwith the release last week of the energy department's report onenergy and the national security.    The report said U.S. oil imports, rapidly rising, could hit50 pct by the mid 1990s and have potentially damagingimplications for national security.    He has said since in speeches and at news conferences thatany plan he would back to spur lagging domestic oil productionwould have to meet three criteria--increase production, notcause economic dislocation, and be low cost to the taxpayer.    Herrington said an import fee would meet the first test,spurring production but fail the second and third.    He said it would raise production and return 120,000 oil workers to their jobs, but at the same time it lifted oilprices, the higher prices would cost 400,000 jobs nationwideand cut the gross national product by 32 billion dlrs.    A tax on gasoline, he said, would fail the first criteriaby not increasing domestic production.    In any case, U.S. officials say, President Reagan remainsfirmly opposed to an import fee and a gasoline tax.    Options which meet Herrington's criteria include:    - Loan-price guarantees to shield banks from defaults byborrowers because of lower oil prices. It was estimated that ifoil fell to five dlrs a barrel it could trigger defaults thatcould cost the government an estimated 15 billion dlrs.    - A five pct tax credit for exploration and development. Itwould raise oil and gas production the equivalent of 325,000barrels a day, at a cost of 740 mln dlrs a year.    - A five pct credit only for geological and geophysicalexpenditures. It would increase production by 80,000 barrels aday, at a cost of 65 mln dlrs.    - Lower bid minimums on outer continental shelf acreage tospur exploration. A drop from the present 150 dlrs per acre forthe typical 5,760 acre tract to 25 dlrs per acre would lowerthe cost of the standard tract lease to 144,000 dlrs.    Herrington also pressed anew for existing Administrationproposals to deregulate natural gas, which he said would cutthe need for imported oil by 300,000 barrels daily.    He also called again for Congressional approval to exploreoff the continental shelf, which may hold more than 12 billionbarrels of oil, and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, whichmay hold nine billion barrels.    Herrington said he understood the Reagan's reluctance to amend the newly enacted tax code to fund some of theseproposals, but added he hoped his department's energy/securitystudy would make a strong case for the need to help thestruggling domestic oil industry.    Another move Herrington said he will press anew, eventhough it had been rejected earlier by the White House, is toraise the fill-rate for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to100,000 barrels a day from its planned 1988 rate of 35,000.    This, he said, would further bolster national security incase of an oil-supply disruption.    Reuter&#3;