Negotiations on a new InternationalNatural Rubber Agreement, INRA, are approaching themake-or-break point and prospects for a future pact appear tobe in the balance, delegates said.    Manaspas Xuto of Thailand, chairman of the INRArenegotiation conference, is holding consultations with a smallgroup of producers and consumers to try to resolve majoroutstanding issues. When the talks began on Monday Xuto saidthose issues should be settled by the end of the first week toallow time to draft an agreement during the second week.    The talks are due to last until March 20.    Xuto said, "There is nothing concrete yet, but theatmosphere is good." The discussions are expected to continuelate into the night, and Xuto said he may hold weekendmeetings.    Delegates said negotiations now focus on the degree towhich price adjustments should be automatic.    At present, if the market price has been above or below thereference price (set at 201.66 Malaysian/Singapore cents a kiloin the current agreement) for six months, the reference priceis revised by five pct or by an amount decided by theInternational Natural Rubber Organisation council.    Consumers are asking that, in these circumstances, theadjustment be automatic at five pct or more.    Producers want the council to have the last word and haveresisted reducing its role in the price adjustment procedure.    Delegates said there seems to be optimism about settlinganother issue -- that of the floor price.    It now appears that consumers may consider dropping theirinsistence of a downward adjustment of the floor price, calledthe "lower indicative price," under certain circumstances.    This means that any possible compromise would centre on thereference price, and the "may buy" (or "may sell") and "must buy" or"must sell" levels, without changing the "lower indicative price"-- which is set at 150 Malaysian/Singapore cents in the currentpact.    Delegates said that in exchange for consumer flexibility onthe floor price question, producers may consider agreeing toanother consumer proposal for more frequent price reviews -- at12 month intervals instead of 18 at present. Reuter&#3;