Figures for first quarter 1987 WestGerman GNP will be published on June 11 after they wereprovisionally scheduled for June 4, an official at the FederalStatistics Office said.    The official said there had been a delay in gatheringinformation for the data, which are expected to show that theWest German economy contracted in the period.    A spokesman for the Economics Ministry in Bonn said therewas no political motivation behind publishing the figures onJune 11, the day after the Venice economic summit ends.    "There is no political motivation. It is a purely technicalmatter," he added.    The West German government is expected to come underpressure in Venice from both the U.S. And its European partnersto stimulate domestic demand as a way of reducing internationaltrade imbalances and contributing to world economic growth.    However, government officials have ruled out any furthertax reduction packages to supplement a major program ofstimulatory fiscal measures already underway.    Helmut Schlesinger, vice-president of the West Germancentral bank, the Bundesbank, said in Tokyo today that GNP, thewidest measure of a country's economic activity, fell in realterms by a seasonally adjusted 1/2 to one pct in the firstquarter compared with the fourth 1986 period.     The government has confirmed that growth was negative inthe first 1987 quarter. But year-on-year growth is expected tobe about two pct.    Schlesinger today repeated the Bundesbank's reluctance tocut its official interest rates further. Its key discount rate,at three pct, is just above historical lows.    West German officials are likely to emphasise at the Venicesummit that domestic demand, which draws in goods from abroad,is already outstripping export performance, which has sufferedfrom an 80 pct rise of the mark against the dollar in just overtwo years.    The government has pointed out that depressed exports arethe main reason for the current weakness in the economy, butsays that later in the year stronger domestic demand willcompensate for this setback.    It expects GNP growth for the whole of 1987 of just undertwo pct, after a 2.4 pct rise in 1986. REUTER&#3;