West German banks would like Brazil to workmore closely with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) with aview to seeking a solution to the country's debt problems,senior West German banking sources said.    The sources, speaking ahead of a meeting later todaybetween Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funaro and his Westgerman counterpart Gerhard Stoltenberg, also believed Brazilshould come up with a convincing economic recovery program.    Their comments echoed those of British Chancellor of theExchequer Nigel Lawson, who met Funaro yesterday.    Funaro is currently on a European trip seeking to involvegovernments in negotiations with commercial banks onrescheduling part of Brazil's foreign debt, which totals some109 billion dlrs. But Lawson told Funaro Brazil had to solveits problems with the banks rather than governments.    Diplomatic sources in Bonn said Funaro would leave earlytomorrow morning for Zurich after meeting Stoltenberg thisevening.    Funaro has rejected suggestions for negotiations with theIMF and said there is no question of Brazil agreeing to anausterity program with the Fund.    However, the West German banking sources said institutionshere felt it was particularly important that Brazil presented acredible recovery program and that there be a "rapprochement"with the IMF.    "Consultations are the least that can be expected," said onebanker.    Funaro's trip follows the decision by Brazil 10 days ago tosuspend interest payments on 68 billion dlrs of commercialdebt. It has also frozen bank and credit lines deposited byforeign banks and institutions worth about 15 billion dlrs.    One senior banker closely involved in Brazilian debtnegotiation offered qualified support for a call from Funarofor a change in the structure of the advisory committee ofbanks which has coordinated Brazilian debt since 1982.    Funaro said yesterday that U.S. Banks, holding 35 pct ofBrazilian debt, were over-represented on the 14-bank advisorycommittee with 50 pct of the committee seats. He said Brazilmight adopt a different approach to its creditor banks,involving separate discussions with the regions.    Such a move would be in Brazil's interest, since Europeanbanks have been more supportive than U.S. Banks of alternativedebt solutions, such as interest capitalisation.    The senior banker was strongly opposed to a purely regionalapproach, saying: "There must be one committee and one solution."But he added: "There must be an understanding that specialrequests from special regions be taken into account."    German banks had objected to the fact that the idea ofinterest capitalisation had been rejected in the committee. Itwas imperative that alternative options be considered. "The menumust become richer," the banker said.    Banking sources said commercial banks would not be involvedin today's talks with Funaro. A spokesman for the Bundesbank inFrankfurt said the central bank would also not be represented.    West German banks have taken a more relaxed attitude to theBrazilian suspension of interest payments than institutions inthe United States, because of their lower exposure.    According to Bundesbank data from September last year, WestGerman bank exposure to Latin America of slightly under 16billion marks represented less than five pct of all foreigncredit. REUTER&#3;