No clear indication has emerged of thevictor in the race to succeed Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasonebut political analysts said it was becoming more likely thatformer foreign minister Shintaro Abe would be chosen.    A decision on which of the three contenders would be pickedwas expected late today or early on Tuesday, they said.    Japanese political leaders held a flurry of closed-doormeetings today and the three candidates called on Nakasone, whois due to step down late this month, to mediate to break thedeadlock.    The other candidates are Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawaand former Finance Minister Noboru Takeshita.    They are vying for the post of president of the rulingLiberal Democratic Party (LDP), who is automatically primeminister by virtue of the party's parliamentary majority.    The new LDP president will be named formally at a partyconvention on October 30 and elected prime minister byparliament, probably on November 6, LDP sources said.    Nakasone, 69, is due to retire on October 31 after fiveyears in the post, an exceptionally long term by Japanesestandards.    Takeshita, who is head of the party's largest faction, hadsteadfastly opposed the idea of seeking Nakasone's help, but hetold reporters: "It is possible Nakasone will be given carteblanche (for selection of his successor)."    One political analyst, who declined to be identified, saidNakasone, despite a personal preference for Miyazawa, is likelyto choose Abe as the best candidate for steering Japan throughits international problems and maintaining party unity. Abealso would also accept Nakasone's influence, he said. Analystssaid one of Nakasone's prime aims is to retain as much power aspossible following his retirement.    Takeshita, the early favorite because of the size of hisfaction, is viewed by many politicians and analysts as beingunsuitable for the post of prime minister because of his lackof international experience.    The analysts said Nakasone also was very unlikely tosupport Takeshita's bid because of the differences in theirpolitical styles. REUTER&#3;