Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal CavacoSilva said Portugal would hand back Macao to China on December20, 1999, but added the existing political, economic and socialsystem there would be maintained until the year 2050.    Cavaco Silva, speaking on national television hours beforethe initialling in Peking of an agreement on the handover, saidthat under the accord Macao would be a special administrativeregion of China and would have a large measure of autonomy.    Under the accord, Portuguese administration of theterritory would end on December 20, 1999 but the existingsystem there would be maintained until the year 2050, CavacoSilva said.    "The existing way of life in Macao, the Portuguese laws,basically our political, economic and social system, willremain in force for a further 63 years from now," he said.    Cavaco Silva said he would go to Peking in the first halfof next month to formally sign the agreement with China, whichwould then be submitted to Portugal's parliament for approval.    Cavaco Silva said that after Portuguese administration ofMacao formally ended in 1999, the future government of theterritory would enjoy complete autonomy except in the areas ofdefence and foreign relations. It would however be able to makeeconomic, trade and finance agreements with other countries.    The head of government would be named on the basis ofelections held for the post.    Macao would have an elected legislative assembly and anindependent judiciary. There would be religious freedom, a freepress and freedom of expression. The Portuguese language couldcontinue to be used in the government, assembly and courts.    Cavaco Silva said the current financial system wouldcontinue after the year 2000. The existing banks and freedom ofcapital movements would be maintained as would theconvertibility of the pataca as the territory's monetary unitand the legal protection of foreign investment.    Only the Macao government would be able to collect taxes.    Cavaco Silva said that those among Macao's 400,000population who held Portuguese nationality on the date of thehandover would thereafter continue to be able to use theirPortuguese passports and their nationality rights.    The nationality issue had been one of the points ofdisagreement in the complex handover talks.    The special administrative status to be granted to Macaoafter its handover mirrors a similar accord for the nearbyBritish colony of Hong Kong, which reverts back to Chinese rulein 1997 under a 1984 Sino-British agreement. Reuter&#3;