The global economy is expected toweaken this year, adding new worries to an already seriouspoverty outlook, economic analysts said.    For finance ministers and central bankers attending thisweek's semi-annual meetings of the International Monetary Fundand World Bank, the new figures released by the IMF add anadditional concern.    The Fund estimated world output would only grow by 2.7 pctthis year, versus 2.9 pct last year, and 3.1 pct in 1985.    In the industrial countries, Gross National Product, ameasure of all goods and services, was expected to decline to2.3 pct this year, compared with 2.4 pct in 1986, the IMF said.    For the developing countries, the Gross Domestic Product,another measure of economic growth, was expected to fall to 3.0pct from 3.5 pct last year.    The new figures are considered a major disappointment tothe poorest countries. They had hoped that new vitality in theindustrial countries brought on by a sharp decline in oilprices would assist their economic recovery and help them copewith growing mounds of debt.    IMF officials, discussing their outlook, said they believedthe industrial country economies would move up to an annualgrowth rate of three pct by the end of the decade.    Economic analysts and the IMF have been saying for sometime that the ability to keep the debt crisis from turning intoan economic rout rests on sustained economic growth.    Since the debtor countries must look to the wealthierstates for markets for their products as well as financialassistance, economic weakness in the developed nations' economies poses fundamental worries.    Debtor countries, including the very poorest states, haveonly a few avenues open to them for earning foreign exchange,including the key one of exports.    The U.S. economy, which is in its fifth year of expansion,has served as a mainstay for developing country exports, but ittoo is seen as being rather feeble this year, growing by only2.3 pct, according to the IMF.    For this reason and because of a high trade deficit, theUnited States has been pressuring Japan and West Germany toignite their economies but with little apparent success.    The IMF study also examines the course of the dollar andthe curious lack of impact it has had on the U.S. tradedeficit.    Reagan administration officials have been saying that theimpact is now beginning to show up, although it has been muchslower than expected.    The IMF observed in its World Economic Outlook that "it hasto be recognized that exchange rate adjustments take time towork through to payments flows -- probably at least three yearsto get a resonably complete effect."    The report added, however, "the adjustments may take evenmore time on this occasion."REUTER^M&#3;