The Amsterdam Stock Exchange, engagedin a reform program to boost competitiveness, said it islaunching a modernisation drive of its operational systems.    The move, announced one day after news of a first steptoward integration of financial market supervision in theNetherlands, will involve new transaction and clearing andsettlement systems.    In addition, the bourse's Amsterdam InterprofessionalMarket (AIM) information system will be updated in short termwith software provided by the Chicago Midwest Stock Exchange.    The Amsterdam bourse is also studying the possibleacquisition of Midwest Exchange software for a neworder-routing system, a statement said, noting the market hereremains firmly committed to the preservation of a tradingfloor.    "The Bourse management feels that, despite the discussionstriggered by the intended closure of the trading floor inLondon, preparations for an overhaul of the trading floor inAmsterdam have to continue," the statement said.    The operational modernisation of the Amsterdam StockExchange follows several liberalisation measures aimed atstemming the flow of business to markets abroad.    The liberalisation, particularly the introduction ofoff-floor trading in stocks and bonds on a net-basis under theAIM system, has been described by bourse officials asAmsterdam's "little bang," a reference to sweeping reforms lastOctober on the London Stock Exchange known as Big Bang.    AIM, started in a trial run early last year and officiallyin force from January 1 this year, is already credited withhalting the growth in Dutch stocks traded abroad, mainlyLondon.    Amsterdam, which feels an on-floor facility with fees isvital for smaller investors, said it needs to overhaul thefloor to accommodate new technology and new members.    A new floor layout and order-routing system should be readysometime next year, the statement said.    It said it was also planning a new on-screen CentralSecurities information System with prices from internationalexchanges, including the U.S. And Japan, stock information andcompany news.    Yesterday, the bourse announced it would start coordinatingthis summer market supervision with the options and futurestrade in the Netherlands as a first step toward a unifiedfinancial markets watchdog. In addition, the bourse, optionsand gold futures price lists will be merged this April.    Transactions in Amsterdam are still processed with a nowoutdated punch card system while price information stemmingfrom the larger off-floor deals done through AIM are not yetintegrated in the bourse's big board.    A bourse spokesman said the exchange hoped to launch itsscreen information service by 1989, but added this service didnot have first priority.    At present, bourse price information and companyinformation announced by the bourse are published by a printerservice while a select number of prices is available viateletext. REUTER&#3;