Currency futures are likely to movehigher following the sharp rally today after President Reaganannounced that Paul Volcker would not accept a third term asFederal Reserve Chairman and that Alan Greenspan was nominatedas his replacement, currency analysts said.    Contrary to predictions before the Volcker resignation,analysts are calling for higher currency futures prices betweennow and the June 8 Venice economic summit.    In particular, uncertainty about Greenspan's attitude tothe dollar could undermine sentiment toward the U.S. currency,analysts said.    Greenspan said today that the dollar appeared to be nearinga bottom, but the market will bear in mind his remarks inChicago last week that the dollar's recent move upward was atechnical reaction and that it would trade significantly lower,analysts said.       "Disappointment of European central bankers over theappointment will be used as an opportunity to sell the dollarlower," said Manufacturers Hanover Futures vice president CarolMackoff.    "The international community will not like thisappointment," as it suggests the possibility that the U.S.budget deficit is too much of a burden on monetary policy andthat Volcker was unable to get the commitment he sought toreduce the deficit, added Merrill Lynch Economics analyst DavidHorner.     Furthermore, "that Greenspan was not named two months agosuggests that he was not the Administration's first choice --and that the status of his appointment was as a bridesmaid,"Horner said.    A declining dollar scenario with higher currency futuresprior to and throughout the Venice meetings would be mitigatedonly by concrete action as opposed to "jawboning" at the G-7summit, he said.    But G-7 finance ministers, judged by recent statements, maybe at an impasse, analysts said.    Japan and West Germany today reiterated that neitherplanned further interest rate cuts, despite pressure from theU.S. to do so, Mackoff said.    The U.S., on the other hand, has not cut its budget deficitas Japan and West Germany have urged, she said.    Should G-7 members force a U.S. commitment to cut itsbudget deficit in the next two years, a further decline in thedollar could be forestalled, Horner said.    However, "the impact from Venice will be nothing if nothingchanges," Horner said.    Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co. analyst Craig Sloanesaid European currencies will likely move to the higher end oftheir 1987 ranges after today's sharp advance.    For the next two weeks, Sloan calls for September yenfutures to advance toward the 0.007200 area. He said Septembermarks could close in on 0.5700 as an upside target, while Swissfrancs could climb to a range between 0.6900 and 0.6950. Reuter&#3;