Computer Associates International Inc's800 mln dlr merger with Uccel Corp &lt;UCE> will eliminate itsstrongest rival, but the company still faces stiff competitionfrom International Business Machines Corp &lt;IBM>, Wall Streetanalysts said.     "IBM is still the ruling force in mainframe systemssoftware," said Scott Smith, an analyst with Donaldson Lufkinand Jenrette.    "But the combination of the two companies will clearlypresent a much stronger front," he said.    Besides IBM, "Computer Associates will be far and away themost powerful company in the field," added E.F. Hutton analystTerence Quinn.    That field is a segment of the market known as systemutilities, or software packages that boost the productivity ofa company's data processing facilities by increasing the speed,power and efficiency of large mainframe computers.    The merger of Uccel and Computer Associates combines thetwo biggest systems utilities suppliers other than IBM.Analysts said the remaining players are mostly small firms thatwill find the competition much harder than in the past.    For Computer Associates, the merger with Uccel caps asix-year acquisition campaign that has vaulted the Garden City,N.Y.-based company to the top of the software industry.    When the deal is completed sometime in August, thecompany's revenues will exceed 450 mln dlrs, pushing it past Microsoft Corp &lt;MFST> as the world's largest independentsoftware vendor.    Computer Associates founder and chairman Charles B. Wangtook the company public in 1981, and since then he has bought15 companies and boosted annual sales from 18.5 mln to 309.3mln dlrs for the year ended March 31.    Liemandt took charge of Wyly, sold off its non-computerbusinesses and decided that it would focus solely on mainframecomputer software. In 1984, the company was renamed Uccel Corp.    Liemandt, who said he will leave the company after themerger is completed, also turned to acquisitions for growth.    On the last day of 1986, Uccel completed the buyouts of sixcompanies for a total of about 60 mln dlrs.    For 1986, it earned 17.0 mln dlrs, or 1.01 dlrs a share, onsales of 141.5 mln dlrs.    The agreement took industry analysts by surprise, largelybecause the companies had been such bitter rivals. Also,Dallas-based Uccel had engineered a strong comeback from thedark days of 1982, when, as Wyly Corp, it lost 7.7 mln dlrs, or56 cts a share.   At that time, Wyly owned a potpourri of 13 differentbusinesses, only three of which were involved in computersoftware. In 1983, Walter Haefner, a Swiss financier and amajor Wyly investor, lured Gregory J. Liemandt away from hisjob as chairman of General Electric Co's &lt;GE> computer servicesunit.    Computer Associates' Wang and Uccel's Liemandt said at anews conference that the merger would give computer users asingle source for a wide range of software products.    In addition to system utilities, Computer Associates alsosell products for microcomputers, while Uccel has made inroadsin the applications software market, where analysts said it hasbeen successful with accounting and banking systems.    Wang said Computer Associates would continue to support andenhance both companies' product lines, but noted that thecompany will eventually weed out duplicate offerings. He saidabout 20 pct of the companies' products overlap.    Analysts said the merger would dilute the holdings ofcurrent Computer Associates shareholders by about 10 pct. Butthey joined Wang in forecasting that the deal will not diluteComputer Associates' earnings for the current fiscal year.    Quinn of E.F. Hutton said Wang has a proven track record ofcompleting acquisitions without earnings dilution. Therefore,he said he would not change his 1988 earnings estimate of 1.05dlrs a share.    Wang said he would look closely at the combined operationsof the two companies and cut duplication in sales, marketingand research and development.    Analysts said Computer Associates paid a premium for Uccel.Based on Friday's closing price, the company will swap 47.50dlrs worth of its stock for each Uccel share, which is nearly33 times Uccel's 1987 estimated earnings of 1.45 dlrs a share.    Stephen T. McClellan of Merrill Lynch Research said mostsoftware companies are currently valued at about 20 timesper-share earnings. But the analyst said Uccel was worth thepremium because of its earnings potential and customer base.    Wang said Haefner, the Swiss investor, would hold about 25pct of Computer Associates stock after the merger. He currentlyowns 58 pct of Uccel.    The executive said the merger would not alter his target ofmaintaining sales and earnings growth of 30 pct to 35 pct.    In addition, he said he expects no problems in having thedeal cleared by the antitrust division of the U.S. JusticeDepartment.    Uccel's Liemandt declined to say what he will do after themerger, but he did not rule out working together with Wang. Reuter&#3;