US Sprint, the 50-50 telephone ventureof GTE Corp &lt;GTE> and United Telecommunications Inc &lt;UT> set uplast June, is optimistic despite expecting to report a net lossof about 500 mln dlrs this year.     David M. Holland, president of US Sprint's Dallas-basedSouthwest Division, told Reuters in an interview that he didnot know what it would report for the first quarter, but agreedthat for the year the company should have about the sameresults as last year when it lost "about 500 mln dlrs."     He noted the company was slated to spend 2.3 billion dlrsover "two plus years" to set up its network.    Holland added that Sprint was still paying almost 500 mlndlrs a year to American Telephone and Telegraph Co (T) in orderto lease its lines.     He said 16,000 miles of its 23,000 mile fiber optictelephone line are now "in the ground," and 7,000 miles areoperable.     By the end of the year, he said, 90 pct of the company'ssubscribers will be carried on its fiber optic lines (insteadof leased ATT lines), compared with 60 pct by the end of thesecond quarter.    Fiber optic lines, which send digital light impulses alongmicroscopic glass lines, is quicker, more accurate and moreeconomical than traditional copper cables. A fiber optic linethe diameter of a dime can carry the same amount of informationas a copper cable 20 feet in diameter.     "By the end of the year, we will have the capacity tocarry 50 pct of all U.S. long distance phone calls," Hollandsaid.    He said ATT currently controls about 80 pct of the U.S.long distance market, with MCI Communications Corp &lt;MCIC> about10 to 12 pct and Sprint five to seven pct.     Holland said Sprint's rates, which were 50 pct lower thanATT when it did not pay to gain access to local telephoneexchanges, were now about 10 to 12 pct lower now that all thecompanies have equal access. He said the company was cuttingback its advertising by about 30 pct this year.     At the same time, he said Sprint had increased its totalnumber of customers to four mln from two mln from July 1986 tolast January.    "We've captured the fiber high ground, shown the importanceof it," he said.     Concerning the deregulation of ATT, Holland said hebelieved ATT "should be given some flexibility, but should beregulated on pricing plans."     "They're so dominant in the market place," he said, addingthat ATT should be deregulated when "there is true competitionin the marketplace."     "It takes time to prove ourselves and a lot of money," hesaid, adding, "maybe two to four years out, it's hard to say."    Holland said he was not concerned about talk that Sprint'stwo owners might be squabbling or that corporate raiders, suchas the Belzberg family in Canada, might be putting pressure onthem to sell off their loss-making Sprint holdings.     "They are two excellent partners who have stated time andtime again their support of US Sprint," he said, adding that hewas "amazed" at industry talk that the two companies might bearguing. "There's no evidence of that," he said.     He said Sprint's progress in such areas as revenues,number of customers and construction was on track, even "aheadin many areas."    Looking beyond the United States, Holland said Sprintcurrently had direct access to 34 countries and aimed to be in90 pct of the Free World nations by 1988.    "We want to be in every country that ATT serves," he said.    He said Sprint currently does not have access to Mexico butwas working on it.     He noted negotiations between Mexico and GTE Sprint, theforerunner of US Sprint, had been broken off by the September1985 earthquake which had devastated the nation's telephonenetwork. Reuter&#3;