Because its novel financing deal soldquickly last week, General Motors Corp's &lt;GM> General MotorsAcceptance Corp unit plans to do more multi-tiered financings,said Michael Mangan of GMAC.    "We are certainly happy with the transaction. We plan to domore," said Mangan, director of corporate financing.    Offered on Wednesday, the 100 mln dlr issue had three pricelevels to attract a wide range of retail investors and smallregional institutions, said officers of P.W. Korth and Co Incand PaineWebber Inc, which shared bookrunning duties.    "We will continue to look at multi-tiered financings,"Mangan said.    "GMAC plans to talk to Korth and PaineWebber and get theirthoughts on the deal. We want to see how it went and where thesecurities were placed," the GMAC officer added.    Mangan and the co-lead managers said the three differentpricings enabled the finance arm of General Motors to borrow atattractive rates. "GMAC saved some basis points with thistechnique," said an officer on Korth's syndicate desk.    "Our all-in-cost was comparable. If the deal had not madesense, obviously we would not have done it," Mangan noted.    The GMAC seven-year notes were given a coupon of 7.45 pct.    For investors buying less than 100,000 dlrs of the notes,the offering was priced at par to yield 45 basis points overcomparable Treasury securities.    Those buying 100,000 to 250,000 dlrs pay 99.60 for a yieldof 7.52 pct, or 53 basis points over Treasuries. For purchasesof more than 250,000 dlrs, the notes carried a price of 99.20to yield 7.599 pct, or 61 basis points over Treasuries.    In contrast, Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> Ford Motor Credit Co unitlast month sold 300 mln dlrs of same-maturity notes priced toyield 7.62 pct, or 62.5 basis points over Treasuries.    "Retail investors generally do not see new issue product,"said an officer on PaineWebber's corporate syndicate desk."They have to buy the securities in the secondary market."    Bond traders said many corporates rose well above par inthe secondary market this year. They attributed this to a hugenumber of bond redemptions by the issuing companies.    "Institutions and mutual funds are seeing some of theirholdings called away. They're scrambling to replace them," saidone trader. As a result, underwriters said retail investorswould gladly sacrifice some of the yield spread over Treasuriesif they could buy debt issues at or below par.    "The GMAC financing seemed tailor-made for those retailinvestors," commented one underwriter away from the syndicate.    GMAC's Mangan said his firm also wanted to sell securitiesthat were aimed at the retail sector.    "Access to retail investors was the driving force behindthe multi-tiered financing. This is a new market for us, so tospeak," Mangan said.    "There is a lot of GMAC paper out there," the executiveadded, referring to the unit's past offerings. "One of ourbasic strategies is to target securities to specific investorsand hopefully attain a broader distribution."    Officers of Korth and PaineWebber said the GMAC notes wereselling quickly last week, although the issue had not sold outby Friday afternoon.    "In selling to retail investors or smaller institutions,you have to make a lot more telephone calls," an investmentbanker pointed out.    Underwriters noted that Korth and PaineWebber, along withco-managers A.G. Edwards and Thomson McKinnon, have strongretail bases. "They can carve out a niche here," one said.    "We plan to underwrite more of these deals," said a Korthofficial. An officer with PaineWebber echoed that sentiment.    Multi-tiered financings are a relatively new wrinkle onWall Street. An officer with Korth said he belives his firmunderwrote the first such issue eight or nine months ago forCiticorp &lt;CCI>.    GMAC's Mangan said his company issued through Korth inOctober 1986 a 50 mln dlr issue that carried two differentprice levels.    "But the price gap between the first and second tier waslarge," Mangan said. In our conversations with theunderwriters, we thought three different tiers would make moresense because the prices would not be far apart."    Meanwhile, underwriting syndicates are scheduled to bidcompetitively tomorrow for 250 mln dlrs of first and refundingmortgage bonds due 2017 of Philadelphia Electric Co &lt;PE>.Non-refundable for five years, the debt is rated Baa-3 byMoody's and BBB-minus by Standard and Poor's.    Southern Railway Co, a unit of Norfolk Southern Corp &lt;NSC>,will hold accept bids on Wednesday for 20 mln dlrs of serialequipment trust certificates. The debt is rated a top-flightAAA by both Moody's and S and P.    IDD Information Services said the 30-day corporate visiblesupply rose to 3.98 billion dlrs from 3.28 billion dlrs. Reuter&#3;