A leaf disease affecting seven pct ofSri Lanka's rubber plantations may reduce output this year andraise currently depressed prices, industry officials andresearchers told Reuters.    About 2,900 hectares of rubber planted with the RubberResearch Institute (RRI) clone 103 have been hit by the fungus"corenes pora" which attacks the roots of the tree and kills theleaves. The disease was first discovered about six months ago.    Trade sources say prices might boom once again if thecrisis leads to output below the 1987 target of 143,000 tonnes.Last year's output is estimated at between 133,000 and 135,000tonnes.    Researchers say the fungus could spread to other rubberclones if no immediate action is taken.    "The RRI is considering asking estates to remove the treesseriously affected by the fungus because it was too late to usechemicals to kill the disease," an Institute spokesman said.    Senior industry and research officials met yesterday atPadukka, east of here, to discuss ways of controlling thefungus which is affecting estates mostly belonging to the StatePlantations Corp and Janatha Estates Development Board.    The two state-owned groups account for 30 pct of rubberland with the balance belonging to small private producers witha total of 145,600 hectares.    The RRIC 103 is a new clone propagated by the ResearchInstitute as high yielding and recommended two years ago forplanting. Only the two state groups seriously planted theseclones while smallholders preferred the low-yielding but olderPBX Malaysian clones.    Officials at yesterday's crisis meeting said it was decidedto uproot only some of the affected trees while others would betreated. They declined to comment on other decisions taken.    Trade sources said supplies had improved in the past weekbut prices had hit their lowest since last December. "If thereis a shortage of rubber, prices are bound to rise," a spokesmanfor a company buying on behalf of the Soviet Union said.    Rubber prices, particularly crepe, fell sharply by aboutfour rupees a kilo between December and March. The best crepeone-X traded at 23.68 rupees a kilo, averaged 19.75 at thisweek's auction. Sheet prices fell by a rupee in the sameperiod.    Quantities offered at the auction also fell to an averageof 300 tonnes per auction last month from 800 tonnes inDecember because of wintering in early February in producingareas.    Over 550 tonnes were offered at this Tuesday's auction withthe supply position showing improvements.    Trade sources said the smaller availability of rubber lastmonth did not raise prices as on previous occasions.    "Some factors, like less storage space from excess stocks,meant we could not buy much at the auction until we disposed ofthe rubber we already had," one buyer said.    Other sources said there were few forward contracts andspeculative buying last month, while delays in steamer arrivalsaggravated the problem.    European buyers delayed their purchases because of winterclosures of factories and also in the hope that prices wouldease further.    They said another problem that could hit the industry isthe dry spell in producing areas. "If the inter-monsoonal rainsexpected in late March/April are delayed, we would have furthershortages," one official said.    "But this again could benefit prices," a buyer said. Reuter&#3;