Bahrain is introducing a new domesticmoney market regime to provide dinar liquidity aid centred onthe island's newly launched treasury bill programme.    The Bahrain Monetary Agency has issued a circular to allcommercial banks outlining a new policy from April 1 whichgives liquidity aid through sale and repurchase agreements intreasury bills, or through discounting them.    The circular, released officially to Reuters, said currentarrangements for providing liquidity aid will no longer bevalid except "in quite exceptional circumstances."    Under the current system, the agency provides the island's20 commercial banks with dinar liquidity by means of short-termswaps against U.S. Dollars and, less frequently, by short-termloans secured against government development bonds.    "The agency considers that it is now appropriate to replacethese operations with short-term assistance based on Governmentof Bahrain treasury bills," the circular to banks states.    The agency said it will repurchase treasury bills with asimultaneous agreement to resell them to the same bank at ahigher price which will reflect an interest charge.    The agency said it envisages the repurchase agreements willnormally be for a period of seven days.    Bahrain launched a weekly tender for two mln dinars of91-day treasury bills in mid-December last year and has sinceraised a total of 26 mln dinars through the programme.    Bahrain's commercial banks are currently liquid and havebeen making little use of the traditional dollar swaps offeredby the agency. But banking sources said the new regime fromApril 1 will mean banks cannot afford not to hold treasurybills in case they need funds from the central bank.    Banking sources said more than half of the 20 banks holdtreasury bills, although the need by others to take up papercould increase demand at weekly tenders and push down allottedyields slightly.    Last week's yield was six pct, although the programme hadstarted at the end of last year with rates as low as 5.60 pct.    Banking sources said the cost of liquidity throughrepurchase accords will not differ much from that on dollarswaps. But a bank using dollars to obtain liquidity wouldforesake interest on the U.S. Currency while the underlyingtreasury bill investment is unaffected in a repurchase accord. REUTER&#3;