The offshore oil drilling industrywill attract increasing numbers of government connected firmsin the 1990s, according to Ronald Tappmeyer, Vice Chairman ofReading and Bates Drilling Co.     Tappmeyer told the Offshore Technology Conference thatcontract drilling was reaching the same kind of situation thatoil producing companies reached when their oilfields werenationalized in nations as Venezuela, Iran and Saudi Arabia.     He said local connections to the nation whose waters arebeing drilled was an increasingly important factor in themarket.     "We have seen contractors put at competitive disadvantagesin nations in which they had worked successfully for yearsessentially moved aside to make room for locally-owned firms ora locally-built rig," he said.     Tappmeyer, who is president of the InternationalAssociation of Drilling Contractors, said how far the trendwould spread depends on the growth of trade protectionism.     He added that international contractors will increasinglyfind their role restricted to regions that require specialexpertise and experience, such as wildcat areas and severeenvironments such as in the Arctic and extremely deep waters.     Tappmeyer also said he expects producing companies toprovide the main financing for offshore drilling in the comingdecade as banks will be unwilling to repeat overexposingthemselves and drilling contractors will have difficultyproviding financing out of cash flow.     At the same time, he said he saw the financing as indirectas he does not see producers getting back in the rig-owningbusiness.     He also said projectfinancing will have to be backed upby work commitments to guarantee the payoff of constructioncosts.     For the time being, he said there was a superabundance ofrigs. But he said there will be a need for new, technologicallyadvanced rigs within a few years.     He said the floating-drilling rigs were most likely tobenefit from new developments in technology, adding that by2,000 there should not be an ocean left that is too deep, toocold, too stormy or too remote to be explored. Reuter&#3;