A single purpose company, &lt;ItalfundingLtd>, has been created for the purpose of obtaining funds onthe international capital markets to refinance 44.3 mln dlrs ofMexico's official debt to Italy at very attractive rates,Morgan Grenfell and Co Ltd said as lead manager and arranger.    The transaction will be accomplished by Italfundingobtaining a 44.3 mln dlr euronote facility in the market andthen using the proceeds to provide a loan for the same amountto Mexico. The loan will be 100 pct guaranteed by SACE, theofficial Italian export credit agency.    Morgan Grenfell has used special purpose vehicles in thepast to help refinance export credits for other indebtedcountries, such as Brazil and Ecuador.    The Brazil financing, for example, involved the use of afloating rate note. This transaction makes use of anothersector of the capital markets -- that for short-term notefacilities -- to finance a medium term credit.    The financing is being arranged in connection with abilateral agreement between Mexico and SACE earlier this yearto refinance Mexico's official debt to Italy.    The bilateral accord followed a multilateral reschedulingagreement reached last September of Mexico's official debt tothe Paris Club of western creditor governments.    The Paris Club accord, in turn, was part of a broad-basedrescheduling package covering 77 billion dlrs of Mexico'sforeign debt.    That package -- heralded as the first to incorporate allaspects of U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's plan to aidindebted countries -- included a 7.7 billion dlr loan, whichwas signed today in New York.     The new financing forItalfunding, being syndicated among about five majorinternational banks, will be a fully underwritten, revolvingfacility with an average life of seven years and the facilitywill fund the loan.    All Paris Club agreements contain a generally acceptedoutline for a rescheduling, but the specific terms must then benegotiated on a bilateral basis.    Banking sources noted that the use of a special-purposevehicle will provide Mexico with particularly attractivefinancing at a rate of about 1/4 to 1/2 pct over the LondonInterbank Offered Rate (Libor).    The cost of the new financing compares with a spread of13/16 pct on the loans in the new commercial bank package.    This is because the intermediary providing the funds, inthis case Italfunding, can obtain its funds relatively cheaplyon the international markets. At the same time, the dealbenefits the banks, which will still get a reasonable return onthe note facility, which is pure Italian risk.    The bankers noted that if the financing had been arrangedin Italy, the cost to Mexico and the Italian banks would havebeen higher since the Italian banks would use a differentsource of funding. REUTER&#3;