Brazil's labour unrest is spreading,with many banks, universities and government statisticaloffices on strike and more pay disputes looming.    Bankworkers' leaders said that a national strike launchedyesterday to press for a 100 pct immediate pay rise and monthlysalary adjustments had the support of most of the 700,000workforce.    The strike today closed the stock exchanges of Sao Pauloand Rio de Janeiro.    For the government the one positive development on thelabour front was the gradual return to work of the nation's40,000 seamen, who began a national strike on February 27.    A union spokesman in Rio de Janeiro told Reuters about halfthe seamen had returned to work after accords with 22 companiesand that the strike looked close to an end.    Otherwise the labour scene looked bleak, with the bankstrike posing the most serious problems for Brazil'scrisis-laden economy.    "If this goes on for more than a few days it will have aserious effect because normal financial operations will grindto a halt," said a western diplomat in Sao Paulo.    Today Brazil's 50,000 university teachers in the 42 federaluniversities launched a national strike, with a broad politicaldemand as well as a pay claim.    David Fleischer, head of the political science departmentin Brasilia university, told Reuters the National Associationof Higher Education Teachers wanted a full congressionalinquiry into what had happened to government education funds.    He said the universities were strapped for cash and thatthe association suspected the junior partner in the coalitiongovernment, the Liberal Front Party, PFL, of using educationfunds for projects which had helped their candidates inelections. The PFL holds the Education Ministry.    Hardly any sectors of the economy are proving immune to thecurrent labour unrest, caused by the return of high inflation,officially pegged at 33 pct for January-February.    Other possible strikes looming include stoppages by oilindustry workers and social security workers. Reuter&#3;