With more private investment, not moreprotection, the U.S. textile industry could become competitivewith the most modern foreign producers, analysts from twocongressional agencies said today.    The Office of Technology Assessment, a nonpartisan arm ofCongress told a House Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee hearingthere was still concern for the future of parts of the U.S.textile and apparel industry, but there was more reason foroptimism than a few years ago.    "While textile producers are making significantinvestments, they could do more," OTA analyst Henry Kelly said.    The Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the nonpartisanbudget analysis arm of Congress, said federal loans or loanguarantees would be preferable options for Congress rather thanincreased trade protection which could lead to foreignretaliation.    CBO analyst Edward Gramlich said past trade protections,first imposed in the 1950's have had only a small benefit forprofits and investments of domestic firms.    Trade Subcommittee chairman, Rep. Sam Gibbons, said theagencies analyses seemed to agree with his opinion againstcongressional approval of protectionist textile quotalegislation aimed mainly at Western Europe, Japan and otherAsian textile producing countries.    President Reagan last year vetoed a textile protection billbut it was reintroduced in this session of Congress and isexpected to be voted on in the House this year.    However, approval this year is in doubt because passage ofa major trade bill without specific protections for textilesshowed a weakening of support for the legislation.    Most U.S. producers have fallen behind other foreignproducers in the use of modern textile and apparel productionequipment and net imports are growing faster than the domesticmarkets, Kelly said.    He added that private investment in the textile andclothing industry in 1983 of 0.5 pct was less than one-sevenththe average manufacturing investment of 3.9 pct.    Despite existing import quotas and tariffs, imports oftextiles grew 26 pct in 1986 and imports of apparel grew 14 pctwhile U.S. production rose only 1.9 pct.    "The traditional industry seems destined to be replaced bynew technology, imports, or some combination of both. While theindustry may not be able to compete in all domestic marketsthat it enjoyed twenty years ago, the results of our researchindicate that portions of the domestic market can be recovered,and that exports can be expanded," Kelly said. Reuter&#3;