Leading domestic semiconductor makerswill boost imports and cut production of key memory microchipsfrom next month in line with government attempts to ward offU.S. Trade sanctions, company spokesmen said.    The moves might persuade the U.S. To call off thesanctions, despite obstacles to full implementation of theplans, analysts said.    The tariffs will affect about 300 mln dlrs worth ofproducts and are in retaliation for Japan's alleged failure tohonour a semiconductor trade pact.    In announcing the sanctions last Friday, President Reagansaid Japan had not fulfilled its promise to halt predatorypricing and open Japan's market to foreign products.    But U.S. Trade representative Clayton Yeutter saidyesterday on U.S. Television that the U.S. Is willing to dropthe tariffs if Japan shows a "clear indication" that it will openits markets to U.S. Goods.    The Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) hasurged producers to slash output of the chips by 11 pct in thesecond quarter, following a call to reduce production by morethan 20 pct the previous quarter.    MITI also urged makers to boost chip imports.    Analysts said the moves could encourage Washington tocancel the tariffs ahead of next month's meeting between PrimeMinister Yasuhiro Nakasone and President Reagan.    "The U.S. Wants to be satisfied. It has rattled its swordand shown that it can and will do business," said analyst NickEdwards at Jardine Fleming Securities Ltd in Tokyo.    But analysts cautioned that although Japanese producers cancut output, boosting imports -- the key to U.S. Withdrawal ofthe sanctions -- is more difficult.    "The U.S. Does not have the low-end consumer IC's(integrated circuits) that the Japanese need for consumerproducts. They're well supplied here," said Richard May, senioranalyst at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd in Tokyo.    The U.S. Leads in production of medium and high-end IC's,but Japanese makers are keen to develop their own high-endproduction skills, the analysts said.    "The Japanese must be prepared to trade some losses onsemiconductors in return for free access to other areas," saidEdwards.    A spokesman for Hitachi Ltd &lt;HIT.T>, said the firm'sreduced output of 256 kilobit dynamic random access memory(256K DRAM) was unrelated to MITI's efforts to ward off thetrade sanctions. Decreased production was a natural result ofthe company increasing output of one-mln bit DRAM's, he said.    Company officials unveiled the following plans -    - NEC Corp &lt;NESI.T>, Japan's largest chipmaker, plans toslash production of 256K DRAM semiconductors by 29.41 pct tosix mln per month from a monthly average of 8.5 mln lastquarter.     In the year beginning April 1, NEC will boost chipimports, which comprised some 20 pct of all NEC chipconsumption the year before.    - Hitachi Ltd's &lt;HIT.T> April output of 256K DRAM's willfall by 25.93 pct to four mln compared to 5.4 mln in March. Thecompany is trying to boost imports but has not set a specifictarget. Imports are currently very low.    - Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T> will reduce April 256K DRAMproduction by 16.67 pct to just over four mln and isconsidering ways to boost imports, a company official said.    Toshiba has an agreement with Motorola Inc (MOT.N) to sellthe U.S. Firm's chips in Japan. The firms are planning ajoint-venture production of memory chips in Sendai, northernJapan.    - Mitsubishi Electric Corp (MIET.T) will trim secondquarter output by about 10 pct to between 5.5 mln to 5.6 mlnchips compared to the first quarter. Plans call for increasedimports but an official said "boosting imports will be difficultas it depends on sales demand."    - Fujitsu Ltd (ITSU.T) will cut production in accord withMITI guidelines and boost imports from currently low levels.    - Oki Electric Industry Co Ltd (OKIE.T) will reduce Aprilproduction by 10 pct from March's 3.2 mln. Oki is studying waysto increase imports by 10 pct in the fiscal year beginningApril 1 from the previous year's total of more than fivebillion yen, a company official said. REUTER&#3;