Robert Fildes, president and chiefexecutive of Cetus Corp &lt;CTUS.O>, told Reuters that Squibb Corpis not interested in buying Cetus.    Earlier the companies said Squibb would buy from Cetus afive pct equity postion in Cetus for about 40 mln dlrs.    "This is not an attempt by Squibb to become a majormajority holder in Cetus," Fildes told Reuters in an interview."Squibb has not approached us with any indication that theywant to acquire us and we wouldn't be interested in that kindof arrangement," said Fildes.    Squibb could not be reached to comment on the late commentsby Fildes.    Squibb is Cetus' first pharmaceutical partner and the onlyone to own an equity position in Cetus. Eastman Kodak Co &lt;EK>and W.R. Grace &lt;WR> both have joint ventures with Cetus, butneither owns an equity position in the company, said Fildes.    Cetus has a venture with Kodak to develp diagnosticproducts and with Grace to develop agricultural products.    Earlier, Squibb and Cetus announced in a joint statement an agreement in principle to form a joint venture to developnew biotechnology products in several fields.       As part of the deal Squibb will license several of Cetus'anticancer agents, including interleukin-2, in development.Squibb will sell the drugs only in Japan and other markets butnot in North American and Western Europe.    "We wouldn't have done this deal had it not been understoodthat Cetus wants to build its own fully integrated business inNorth America and Europe," said Fildes.    He said Squibb was the good partner because Squibb has amajor joint venture in Japan and has sales capabilities of itsown in that market.       Fildes said Cetus has shunned licensing arrangements withpharmaceutical companies because it wanted to build its ownbusiness. Many large corporations have invested in smallbiotech firms.    But Squibb's investment in Cetus is the first it has madein biotechnology. Fildes said that was attractive to Cetusbecause it wanted a partner that didn't have a relationshipwith a large number of other biotechnology companies."       Fildes said his strategy was to have partners in non drugareas like diagnostics and agriculture, but to "keep thebiggest developments in anticancer drugs to ourselves."    Fildes said the partnership with Squibb would be used tobroaden the company's reach in such big money making areasas the cardiovascular, anti-infective and the anti-inflammatorymarkets.    Squibb is also investming 75 mln dlrs in Cetus' researchover the next five years.       "Squibb is putting up over 75 mln dlrs in research anddevelopment to make it happen, while the equity position partof the package is simply to demonstrate the seriousness of thispartnership," said Fildes. Reuter&#3;