The World Bank, in the throes of apainful reorganization, faces new strains because of actions byCitibank and others to set aside new Latin debt reserves,financial analysts and monetary sources said.    The monetary sources said the reorganization has causedsome bad feelings and charges that promotions and otherpersonnel actions have been based on personality rather thanability. It also had some effect in undermining the Bank's rolein the global debt strategy, the sources said.    At the center of the controversy is Bank President BarberConable, whose reorganization efforts are getting some critical review from many Bank staff members and some member-countries including the United States.    "I think if he were to do it again, he would do it verydifferently," said one source.    Conable, a former congressman from New York appointed byPresident Reagan to the senior most position at the Bank nearlya year ago, has taken the view that the Bank badly needed to bereorganized and perhaps made more streamlined.    In this he had the backing of many in the Reaganadministration who viewed the Bank as a bloated and inefficientbureaucracy that gave money to countries when other free-marketsources of assistance were available.    However, the Bank had been singled out for a much greaterrole under the U.S. debt initiative proposed by TreasurySecretary James Baker.  That strategy, which called for some 20billion dlrs in new funding from the commerical banks and ninebillion dlrs in spending from the development banks, mostly theWorld Bank, came under profound doubt with the decision byCitibank and Chase Manhattan to set aside new reserves.    This move, heralded by some sources as a measure that givesall parties more time, frightened others, who see it as thebeginning of a tit for tat exercise that could lead to completeunraveling of the monetary system.    As envisioned by the latter, the next move would be forBrazil, which has delayed payments on its debts, to say it doesnot intend to pay interest for a very long period of time.    Citibank and other banks could then decide to stopfinancing the country's export credits, the funds countries useto support their daily activities, leading to an economicbreakdown.    "Within six weeks alot of countries could be out ofbusiness," said one source.    Citibank's initial step last month was to set some threebillion dlrs in a general reserve for potential losses on loansto developing countries.  It was followed by a similar move byChase Manhattan some days later.    In the best of all worlds, the kind of cooperation that wasdemonstrated between the International Monetary Fund (IMF), themultilateral development banks, the wealthy countries andcommercial banks when the debt crisis surfaced in 1982, couldemerge again but no one is expecting that.    If anything, the negotiations have become much moreconfrontational with the debtor countries pressing for moreconcessions, arguing that they face growing politicalinstability if they are asked to do or pay more.    They are very critical of the IMF's austerity measures andthere is sympathy for their view among the developmentcommunity.    "When you hear code words like structural adjustment andtightening your belt.  What that means is that the poor peasentmaking 700 dlrs a year should drop it to 500 dlrs," says onesource.    He adds: "And when your hear they should have market forcesat play, that means the level of public services should drop."    It had been hoped that giving the World Bank a greater rolein the debt strategy might defuse the growing resistance in thedebtor countries to measures that increased already prevalentpoverty even further.   The Bank, which primarily assists countries in the buildingof roads, sewerage systems, education, and other so-calledinfrastructure, is viewed in the Third World as benefactor.   The IMF, however, which essentially forged the debt stategyfollowing the disclosure by Mexico in 1982 that it was neardefault, is considered a stern taskmaster that has littlesympathy or even understanding of poverty.    But there are doubts about how well the Baker initiativehas worked and about the World Bank's success at bringing aboutincreased growth in the Third World under the U.S. prescriptionwhich indicated that countries might grow their way out oftheir difficulty. Reuter&#3;