Blizzard conditions in parts of thewest and southwest U.S. severely stressed beef cattle andKansas cattlemen are reporting death losses from the storm,according to livestock associations in the area.    Talk among futures traders that cattle had died from thecold and blowing snow accounted for some of the strength inLive Cattle futures at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange today.    "Death (of cattle) can be directly attributed to the storm,but it's hard to get a handle on a number," Todd Domer,director of communications for the Kansas Livestock Associationsaid.    Domer noted that limited reports have been filtering in ofdeath losses at feedyards and from grazing and cow/calfoperations. Western Kansas was hardest hit while Eastern Kansasonly had rain, he said.    Paul Johnston of the Nebraska Livestock Feeders Associationsaid, "There's no question that baby calves coming in that kindof blizzard are probably not going to make it."    We were having such a nice winter and the cows were outcalving before the storm hit, he added.    The worst part of the storm came through the center of thestate. Precipitation was generally in the form of wet snow andsome feedlots are already like "soup", he said, inhibitingcattle movements.    The storm also had an effect on weight gain of largeranimals. Drifting snow caused problems in moving feed and mudmade it hard for cattle to reach the feed once it wasavailable.    Domer noted that feedyards sources say a tremendous cutbackhas occurred in feed consumption by cattle in the yards, whichmay or may not lead to sickness over the next several days.Cattle reduced daily feed consumption to about 12 lbs from 25during the worst of the blizzard, he said.    Mud will be more a problem as the weather breaks and snowmelts. Mud adds to stress on full-grown animals and endangerssmaller ones which can fall and be trampled in pens. The costof feeding rises as animals generally consume more in coldweather, Domer said.    Domer said it will be at least 10 days before yards getback to normal.    Roy Gallant, from Accu Weather Services, said that althoughthe worst of the storm is over, there are still some stronggusty winds which will not diminish until tonight.    The storm started late Sunday night in West Kansas and isjust now winding down. The storm has moved into South Dakota,parts of Minnesota and Eastern North Dakota, he said.    Snow accumulations from the storm totaled six to 10 inchesin most sections and 12 to 18 in a few spots before movingnorth. This equals 1/2 to 1-1/2 inches of water. Drifts of fourto six feet and up to 12 feet were reported, he said.    There's a possibility of another storm brushing that regiontomorrow night and Friday, Gallant added. Reuter&#3;