U.S. military planners ruled outIran's Silkworm missiles as a target in the retaliatory attackmounted on Monday for fear of being drawn more deeply into theIran-Iraq war, defense and Middle East experts said.    U.S. naval forces destroyed an offshore oil platform andraided another in what the administration called a "measured andappropriate response" to an Iranian Silkworm missile attack lastFriday on a U.S.-flagged tanker in Kuwaiti waters.    Private analysts generally agreed that going after the rigrather than an onshore economic or military target such asSilkworm launch sites reflected a careful bid by Washington tolimit the political, military and diplomatic fallout both athome and in the Gulf.    "It simply demonstrated the United States will take militaryaction when they (Iran) take military action," Norman Polmar, adefense analyst and author, said.    He said hitting the platforms had spared Iran theembarrassment of casualties on its own soil, possibly avoidingan escalating spiral of attack and counterattack.    In addition, it minimized the risk to U.S. forces and thepotential embarrassment of any losses, including aircraft thatcould have been shot down had they taken part in an attack.    Anthony Cordesman, author of a new book on the Iran-Iraqwar, said the United States apparently chose a limited targetto keep alive the possibility that U.N. Secretary GeneralJavier Perez de Cuellar might still persuade Iran to accept aSecurity Council call for a ceasefire.    "We want the U.N. peace initiative to work if there's anychance at all," he said, adding that the action made it cleartougher steps would follow if Iran to attack Gulf shipping.   In targeting an oil rig -- albeit one said by the Pentagonto have been turned into a military command post -- Washingtonalso sent a message that it might be willing to attack Iran'seconomic lifeline. Pentagon officials said the platform hadbeen used as a base for Iranian raids against shipping in thelower Gulf.    "We have chosen a military target, but we also have shownIran that we are willing to interfere with its oil-exportingcapabilities," Cordesman said.    He predicted the United States would respond to any futuremajor Iranian challenges by hitting Iran's naval base at BandarAbbas on the Straits of Hormuz, followed by mining theapproaches to Iran's oil export terminal on Kharg Island.    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Monday theUnited States did not seek further confrontation with Iran, "butwe will be prepared to meet any escalation of military actionby Iran with stronger countermeasures."  Reuter&#3;