Investors who have been riding thebull market in U.S. stocks got a stinging reminder today of howunexpected news can trigger sharp reversals.    "The market was ripe for some type of pullback," said FrankKorth, analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers. He said over theweekend, investors pondered President Reagan's decision toimpose tariffs on Japanese electronic goods and some concludedthe step could signal the beginning of a trade war.    The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 79 points in 30minutes before stabilizing and making a partial recovery.    Korth believes there has been an over-reaction andnear-term traders might want to step in and buy one-half orone-quarter of new investments they have been considering.    "We're still in a bull market," said William Raftery ofSmith Barney, Harris Upham and Co. He thinks history has shownsuch sharp pullbacks are a natural part of bull markets. "Thebear usually strikes slowly," he said.    Raftery noted that blue chips have been forefront of therally that took the market to record highs last week. Intoday's decline, he said, the big name stocks were coming moreinto a more normal alignment with the general market.    Charles Comer of Moseley Securities Corp said ultimatelythe pullback could prove to be a pre-shock to the long awaitedcorrection. But for now he believes the bull market remainsintact. However, it could take several weeks for the market tocomplete a "distribution process" and along the way there willbe rallies.    Comer thinks it is premature to conclude that today'saction signaled formation of a market top. He thinks the marketcan hold in the low to mid 2200 area on the Dow index.    "This probably is the correction that has been expected,"said Crandall Hays of Robert W. Baird Co.    Hays noted that market breadth began to deteriorate lastweek. He said this morning investors saw the dollar downfurther, interest rates up and gold up. "The trade problem gotpeople spooked and and all the bad things were happening atonce," he said.    "This correction could take us down 150 points and we'rehalf-way there now," he said early today.    He thinks the downward move in stock prices could be overin a couple of weeks. Business conditions seem to be gettingbetter according to what he hears from a broad cross-section ofcompanies, from retailers to machinery manufacturers.    "The market was high and people were looking for acorrection, so this was an excuse for the market to go down,"said Alan Ackerman of Gruntal and Co.    He believes investors will be in a mood of extreme cautionor slightly negative for the near term.    Ackerman thinks the U.S. is attempting to "fire a shotacross Japan's bow and let them know we're serious about havingcloser trade ties." But nevertheless investors have beenrattled by "a perception that a full scale trade war ispossible." Ultimately, unless there is an accord, the effectscould be higher interest rates and unemployment, he said.    "I anticipate a further correction later this week," saidHarry Laubscher of Tucker Anthony, R.L. Day. He thinks thepullback was "the start of an overdue correction of between sixand 10 pct from the market highs."    Although investors now have new reason to worry abouthigher interests rate and a return of inflation, Laubschersays, "it is not the end of the bull market."    "The market was looking for a reason to knock itself down alittle bit, and with the trade sanctions coming largely as asurprise, this was the think the market attached itself to,"said Gary Ciminero of Fleet Financial Group.&#3;