Deputy prime minister Kim Mahn-je saidSouth Korea is studying various measures to reform what hedescribed as its underdeveloped bank and financial sector.    Kim, who is also economic planning minister, told a newsconference the country's banks and finance houses had notdeveloped to keep pace with their industrial counterparts.    He said two major factors had hampered the development ofthe financial sector -- high inflation and heavy governmentintervention in bank decision-making.    He said in the past the government had pressed banks togive soft loans to industry to boost economic growth.    Kim said the government would now give top priority tointerest rate liberalisation. This could be achieved withinseveral years, though not within one year.    He said liberalisation was possible because South Korea'scurrent account had turned from a deficit to a surplus, whichhad brought in foreign funds and increased domestic savings.    The current account recorded a surplus of 4.65 billion dlrsin 1986 after a deficit of 890 mln dlrs in 1985.    But Kim said the government needed to reorganise much ofthe financial sector.    Kim said mergers of some financial companies and theupgrading of others to merchant banks or full banks were beingconsidered by the financial development committee of thefinance ministry. He did not elaborate but said he expected nodrastic measures to be announced this year.    On liberalisation of the country's stock market, Kim saiddespite Seoul's determination to open it up, free investmentsthere by foreigners would not be allowed in the near futurebecause the market was currently "over-heated." He said this wasdue to ample liquidity created partly by the country's currentaccount surplus.    Kim said the market was extremely vulnerable to a suddeninflux of foreign funds because it was still very small interms of size and numbers of shareholders.    "Opening up the capital market must wait until thevulnerability to such an influx is removed," he said.    He said only about one mln South Koreans, out of apopulation of 40 mln, invest in the Seoul market. REUTER&#3;