Nippon Mining Co Ltd president YukioKasahara said the state-owned Japanese firm hoped to findadditional joint venture partners to explore for U.S. oilreserves.    "We have to secure the stability of oil for Japan,"Kasahara told reporters at the World Petroleum Congress. "Inthe exploration area I think Japanese companies are interestedin joint ventures."    Nippon Mining, for example, last September signed anagreement with Dupont Co's &lt;DD> Conoco Inc to participate in a135 mln dlr exploration venture that includes six wells on landand 14 offshore Louisiana. The first joint well drilled is inthe Gulf of Mexico's Green Canyon Block 182, a deepwater leasethat Conoco was almost forced to return to the federalgovernment undrilled because of low oil prices.    "At this moment we have no success but we will proceed withConoco. Maybe by the end of the year we will find oil there,"Kasahara said. He said that similar kinds of joint ventures"would be best" for Nippon Mining's oil exploration efforts inthe future.    Kasahara also said Nippon Mining was not planning toacquire any U.S. refining or marketing outlets. "Retail salesin general do not interest the Japanese oil companies," hesaid.    When asked whether he believed world oil prices mightstrengthen later this year, Kasahara said he expected prices tohold steady at today's level.    "Within this year I think the 18 dlrs a barrel willcontinue. But next year I don't know," he said. "For therefining business, stability is important. Whether the price is18 dlrs or 20 dlrs, we don't care."    But encouraging additional upstream efforts may requiremodestly higher oil prices, Kasahara added. "For exploration Ithink 20 dlrs a barrel or 22 dlrs a barrel would bereasonable," he said.    The key factor in determining whether the Organization ofPetroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) would raise its 18 dlr abarrel benchmark price is the ongoing war between Iran andIraq, Kasahara said. Saudi Arabia, he added, was an uncertainelement in the OPEC equation because of its need to maintainrevenues at the same time the weakened U.S. dollar has reducedoil profits.    Nippon Mining, which like all Japanese crude buyers isbenefitting from the drop in the value of the dollar, favorscontinuing to price OPEC crude oil according to U.S. currencyregardless of the dollar-yen relationship, Kasahara said.    "I hope the dollar would strengthen eventually and continueto improve. I would prefer to see the (OPEC) pricing remain indollars," he said. Reuter&#3;