Congressional ire is rising againstthe multinational development banks which make loans to helpother countries produce goods in direct competition withbeleagured American farmers and miners.    With a record trade deficit of 169 billion dlrs last yearand a farm economy in the doldrums, Congress is pressing tohold back U.S. funds for the World Bank and other developmentbanks if the money is used to subsidize production or toproduce goods already in oversupply around the world.    "American tax dollars are being used to subsidize foreignagriculture and mineral production that is often in directcompetition with our producers," Sen. Don Nickles, an OklahomaRepublican, said in a letter to fellow senators seeking supportfor his legislation to limit these loans.    Nickles and Sen. Steven Symms, a conservative Republicanfrom Idaho, have introduced legislation that would strictlylimit U.S. funding of multinational development banks if theymake any loans to help developing countries produce surpluscommodities or minerals.    Current law requires the United States to vote against suchloans but carries no reprisals if they pass anyway.    Treasury Secretary James Baker's assurances that U.S.policy is to oppose these loans did not satisfy concerns raisedat two Senate committee hearings last week.    Baker told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee on ForeignOperations, "as a policy matter, we oppose loans for productionof commodities in oversupply."    The senators cited a 350 mln dlr World Bank loan made toArgentina last year to help it increase its agriculturalexports by one billion dlrs a year by 1989.    Nickles, Symms and others also have cited other loans suchas a 1985 World Bank loan to Hungary to expand livestockexports and 500 mln dlrs lent to Thailand from 1981 to 1985 atlow interest rates for agriculture. Baker said the Argentineloan was "really the only one you can point to and criticize."    Last year the Republican-controlled Senate voted threetimes over the objections of the administration to cut U.S.funding of development banks by the amount of these loans.    Even with a favorable vote of 65 to 15, the restrictionswere weakened in the final version. Only a provision directingU.S. officials to vote disapproval was enacted into law.    This year's proposal, called the Foreign AgriculturalInvestment Reform (FAIR) Act would require the U.S. to voteagainst loans designed to increase production of surpluscommodities and minerals.    Also, the recipient countries would have to prove that theproduction, marketing and export of the commodities could behandled without government subsidy.    If the loan is approved over U.S. objections, the UnitedStates would not increase or replenish funds for thatinstitution until it agrees to stop making such loans.    Objections to such loans have most often been raised byconservative Republicans who have traditionally opposed U.S.funding for these international development banks.    But the loss of many jobs to foreign competition has raisedsimilar concerns among more moderate senators.    Democratic senator Barbara Mikulski of Maryland told Bakerat the Senate Appropriations subcommittee hearing, "Many say thebanks are financing competition for American jobs."    She recommended that the United States use itsparticipation in debt forgiveness for developing country loansas a wedge to open markets to U.S. goods.    The administration opposes any legislation that would tieits hands in votes on the loans. It argues there might beinstances in which a country needed the money to continue itsmoves toward U.S. policies in other areas.    Baker said the United States would continue to use itsleverage in the banks to require foreign trade liberalizationmeasures, often in the form of elimination of subsidies. Reuter&#3;