Coffee futures dipped further and closedbelow one dlr a pound for the first time in six years.    Coffee for delivery in May ended at 99.28 cents a pound onthe New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, down 0.76 centand the lowest price since August, 1981.     Prices have fallen steadily since the International CoffeeOrganization failed in February to reach an agreementcontrolling exports by its members, and pressure was renewedthis week as the executive board of the organization met inLondon without reopening debate on its export quotas.    The executive board has limited its current discussions toadministrative matters and is set to adourn Thursday.    Burdensome supplies have pressed the market down from 1.30dlrs a pound in February, when the organization's discussionsaimed at re-establishing export quotas broke down.    Sandra Kaul, a coffee analyst in New York with ShearsonLehman Brothers, said supplies currently are at their highpoint for the year because most producing nations have justcompleted their harvests.    In addition, she said, many of those nations are faced withserious debt and need to sell coffee to raise capital.    "This should keep substantial pressure on exporters toundertake sales despite the drop in prices," she said.    Further, U.S. demand could be sluggish because winter, theperiod of greatest consumption, is ending. Prices could fallanother 10 to 15 cents a pound, analysts said.    Gold futures retreated from modest early gains and closedsteady while silver prices rallied on the Commodity Exchange inNew York.    The increase in U.S. banks' prime rates prompted concernabout renewed inflation but the strength of the U.S. dollardiscouraged new buying.    "The market is getting mixed signals and it doesn't knowwhich way to go," one analyst said.    Cattle futures posted new highs on the Chicago MercantileExchange, while live hogs rallied from early losses and frozenpork bellies finished sharply lower.    Cattle prices continued to draw support from the winterstorm that swept the Plains states, leaving animals stranded insnowbound fields and feed lots in miserable condition.    Live hogs were pressured early by the AgricultureDepartment's report Tuesday that producers expanded theirbreeding herds more than the market expected last quarter.Prices recovered to keep pace with higher cash prices.    Frozen pork bellies fell sharply on the outlook for greaterproduction and closed with limit losses.    Soybean futures posted sharp gains on the Chicago Board ofTrade, while corn and wheat were lower.    Soybeans rallied in response to Tuesday's USDA report thatfarmers intend to plant 56.9 mln acres this year, down from61.5 mln planted last year.    Corn prices were pressured by the outlook for 67.6 mlnacres of corn, which is down from last year's 76.7 mln acres,but was larger than analysts expected. Reuter&#3;