The state prosecutorinvestigating a suspected currency swindle which may have lostVolkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F> millions of dollars said he wanted toquestion a Frankfurt-based money broker.    Prosecutor Carl Hermann Retemeyer told Reuters the broker,Joachim Schmidt, may be able to shed light on the affair inwhich VW says it might have been defrauded of up to 480 mlnmarks.    No charges have been laid in what may turn out to be WestGermany's largest known currency fraud.    The incident has led to political calls for tightercontrols on the free-wheeling money and currency markets.    Retemeyer gave no further details of the investigation. Hisoffice understood that Schmidt was on a business trip.    A spokesman for the brokerage firm told Reuters thatSchmidt had been expected back on Monday from the United Statesbut had not returned yet, and his current whereabouts were notknown.    Brokerage firms fulfill a middle-man function in currencyand money markets, matching buy and sell orders between banksand other large customers who may prefer to remain anonymous.    The financial newsletter, Platow, said today the stateprosecutor, called in when suspicion of fraud first came tolight on February 18, had to date been able to find no evidenceof personal enrichment by VW employees.    The newsletter reported on November 3 last year that VW hadincurred losses in the "three-figure millions" because it had notprotected itself against a fall in the value of the dollar.    This was denied at the time by VW executive board chairmanCarl Hahn.    Financial director Rolf Selowsky resigned last week afternews of the currency fraud, an executive has been fired andseveral others are suspended.    A Frankfurt business lawyer, Egon Geis, said yesterday thaton February 10 he had offered VW information about the currencyfraud and offered to provide a written confession by someoneinvolved.    He said VW declined his offer, but the company says the tipwas taken to top management and that Geis later met Hahn butfailed to produce the document. REUTER&#3;