After a few days of volatility, thecredit markets show signs of settling back into thefrustratingly narrow ranges that prevailed for much of thefirst quarter, economists said.    Friday's weak employment data for March braked an ascent inbond yields before the 30-year yield could reach thepsychologically important eight pct level.    But, with question marks hanging over the strength of theeconomy and, more critically, the value of the dollar,economists said the market remains fragile and will not quicklyrecoup the ground lost in the past two weeks.    The 30-year bond yield closed Monday at 7.84 pct, down from7.86 pct on Friday and a 12-month high last week of 7.93 pct,but trading was lackluster.    "People are sitting on the fence, they don't really knowwhat to do," said Stephen Slifer of Shearson Lehman BrothersInc. "Our retail accounts are not committing themselves eitherway."    No economic indicators are due today, but the markets willhear Congressional testimony from Fed chairman Paul Volcker at1000 EDT (1400 GMT) and will be alert for the possibility ofanother outright purchase of securities by the Fed.    The Fed needs to buy a large volume of securities at thistime of year to offset the reserve drain caused by a build-upof Treasury funds at the Fed around the April 15 tax date.    The Fed confounded most economists' predictions of a bill"pass" last week by buying instead a record 2.2 billion dlrs ofnotes and bonds, and Maria Ramirez of Drexel Burnham LambertInc said the Fed could make it two in a row by offering to buycoupon securities today or Wednesday.    The Fed will not buy bills since they are already inrelatively short supply after heavy Treasury paydowns inrecent weeks, she argued.    "They haven't paid down so many bills before in a quarter,"Ramirez said, noting that the Treasury has been able to reducethe size of its regular bill auctions because of strong taxrevenues following the reform of the tax code at the beginningof the year.    Because it would be unprecedented for the Fed to conductback-to-back coupon "passes", most economists still expect theFed to buy bills this week instead of bonds and notes.    After trading late yesterday at 6-1/8 pct, Fed funds wereindicated by brokers to open at 6-1/8, 6-1/4 pct. Reuter&#3;