Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HK>expects satisfactory profits in 1987 and will pay a higherdividend for the year, chairman Li Ka-shing said.    He did not make any specific projections for the company'searnings this year but he said the firm will pay a dividend ofnot less than 32.5 cents per share after a proposedfour-for-one stock split and a one-for-four bonus issue.    It paid total dividends of 1.30 dlrs per share last year,equal to 26 cents per share, adjusting for the bonus and sharesplit.    Hutchison, which has operations ranging from trading toproperty and container terminals, earlier reported after-taxprofits of 1.62 billion dlrs against 1.19 billion dlrs in 1985.    The 1986 total excluded extraordinary gains of 563 mlndlrs, partly from the sale of some of its stake in the SouthChina Morning Post, the leading English language newspaper,compared with 369 mln dlrs the previous year. It said itexpects another 277 mln dlr gain in 1987 from the sale of theremaining shares.    Li said Hong Kong's property market remains strong whileits economy is performing better than forecast with its largelyexport-led growth.    Gross domestic product grew by nearly nine pct last yearagainst an initial government projection of 4.5 pct.    But he said Hong Kong's large trade deficit with the U.S.May result in protectionist measures that will adversely affectthe British colony.    He said all of the company's major operations showedimproved results in 1986.    Hutchison said earlier it will sell its entire 23.5 pctinterest in Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd &lt;HKEH.HK> to&lt;Cavendish International Holdings Ltd>, itself a spin-off fromHongkong Electric.    Under a reorganisation announced separately, HongkongElectric will spin off all its non-electricity relatedactivities into Cavendish, which will be listed on the localstock exchange. Hongkong Electric shareholders will receive oneshare in Cavendish for every Hongkong Electric share.    Cavendish will buy the 348.2 mln Hongkong Electric sharesfrom Hutchison by issuing 975 mln new shares.    The spin-off and the sale of Hongkong Electric shares willgive Hutchison a 53 pct stake in Cavendish.    Li said the decision to spin-off Cavendish is to relieveHongkong Electric of public criticism of the power company formaking risky investments. But he denied there was pressure fromthe government for the spin-off.    He said Cavendish will have seven billion dlrs of assetsand will be almost debt free, with 340 mln dlrs of liabilites.Its major assets are the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel, propertydevelopment, and interests in Husky Oil Ltd &lt;HYO.TO> of Canadaand Pearson Plc &lt;PSON.L> of Britain. REUTER&#3;