A group of state officials and a keyU.S. senator said a corporate merger wave was harming theeconomy and blamed the Reagan administration for laxness inenforcing the federal antitrust laws.    Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, the Ohio Democrat who chairs theSenate Judiciary Committee's Antitrust Subcommittee, alsocautioned the Department of Justice (DOJ) to comply with hisrequest for a listing of each case since 1980 in whichdepartment officials had rejected a staff recommendation toprosecute a suspected antitrust violation.    Metzenbaum had asked for the data by Monday, but the DOJfailed to meet the deadline and later hinted it might refuse tocomply.    Acting Assistant Attorney General for Antitrust CharlesRule defended the administration's record on antitrustenforcement and told the panel at today's hearing that thedepartment was in the process of preparing a response toMetzenbaum's request.    "We have nothing to hide, but we have to be concerned aboutour institutional interests," Rule said. He provided noexplanation of what those interests were.    Metzenbaum said he had scheduled the hearings and requestedthe data out of concern "that this administration has abandonedthe nation's historical commitment to effective antitrustenforcement."    "The green light is on," he said. "Merger mania is rampantin this country...and it is not serving us well."    Rule countered that the low inflation and interest ratesand the continuing economic expansion meant theadministration's policies were working well.    He said simply looking at the number of challenges filedagainst pending mergers was misleading because there was noreason to believe that a fixed proportion of all mergers wereanticompetitive.    "If you look at the individual cases rather than thestatistics, you will see that we are appropriately enforcingthe antitrust laws," Rule said.    Metzenbaum's view, however, was bolstered by the NationalAssociation of Attorneys General, a group of top state lawenforcement officials.    "The federal assault on antitrust has been comprehensive,"Robert Abrams, attorney general of New York and chairman of thegroup's antitrust committee, told the panel.    "The reduction in enforcement has been exacerbated byfederal attempts to prevent both state attorneys general andprivate parties from enforcing the law in accordance with itsclear meaning and Supreme Court interpretations," Abrams said.    The group has drafted its own merger guidelines to bringuniformity to the attorney generals' efforts to enforce thelaws at the state level. Reuter&#3;