The Tokyo stock market is likely torecover from its recent nervousness, caused by the rise of theyen and the threat of a trade war with the U.S., And resume itsupward climb, brokers polled by Reuters said.    President Reagan's threat to impose tariffs on Japaneseelectronics exports because of Japan's alleged refusal to abideby a bilateral agreement on computer chips, was unlikely tocause the market to crash, the brokers said on the eve of thenew fiscal year starting April 1.    The market today fell 60.91 points to 21,566.66.    Most brokers said Tokyo stocks should rise 10 to 15 pct inthe coming fiscal year, provided the yen does not rise too faragainst the dollar and U.S. Sanctions do not escalate into anall-out trade war.    "The market will continue to rise in the new fiscal year, solong as we can avoid a free-fall in the dollar against the yen,"Nikko Securities' top analyst Kasuhiza Okamoto said.    However, brokers said the market was unlikely to performbetter than it has in the past year.    "It will be very difficult to repeat last year'sperformance. Last year was a bumper year that will live in theannals of the market," said Kleinwort and Benson Ltd'ssecurities analyst, Peter Tasker.    The market rose 37 pct in the fiscal year just ending.    Tasker said Japan's discount rate, which was cut five timesthis past fiscal year, was so low that it forced funds frombank accounts into stocks, buoying the market.    Nomura Securities Company brokers said that in the comingyear the discount rate would probably be cut only once or twiceand the inflow of funds would be slower.    Brokers said their optimism about the market was based onthe current low interest rates, the increasing propensity ofthe Japanese to save as the economy stagnates, the imminentintroduction of taxes on traditionally untaxed post officesavings and the allure of quick and easy profits from stocks.    They said Japanese with money to spare, and companiesunwilling to invest in real plant and machinery in the presentclimate of stagnant growth, would keep on snapping up stocks.    "You just have to jump on the back of the winners and jumpoff quick if they start to lose," one broker said.    Currently the Japanese discount rate is 2.5 pct.    Brokers predicted that among this year's winners would beshares which will benefit from domestic expansion.    Other winners would be stocks related to the fight againstAIDS, financial stocks in general, food shares likely to gainfrom a government-initiated agricultural deregulationprogramme, and issues supported by Japan's increased defensespending budget.    "The themes this year are very clear," said Nikko Securities'Okamoto. He said Japan had to respond to international pressureto stimulate its domestic demand, buy more imports andestablish itself as a supply base of capital.    Brokers said banks and other financial institutions wouldbe among the most popular shares this year.    "We will have to consolidate our position as the capitalsupply base to the world," said Okamoto, noting Japan is theworld's largest creditor nation.    Brokers said they expect the government this year to permitJapanese banks to start full-scale equity brokerage overseas.They also expect it to relax financial practice laws in Japan.    Brokers said they expect subsidies to Japan's farmers to beslashed this year, cutting the price of food. Beneficiaries ofsuch a move would include food processors and suppliers.    Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone has set the expansion ofdomestic demand as a top priority this year, and brokers saidthey envisaged higher profits for real estate and constructioncompanies, as well as many domestic manufacturers.    Brokers denied a suggestion that the market might beover-extended because the amount now invested, 334,000 billionyen, was about the same as Japan's gross national product.    Barclays De Zoette and Wedd financial analyst, PeterMorgan, said the 20 pct tax on post office and bank depositsdue to be levied this autumn would channel at least 2,000billion more yen into the stock market.    Brokers said they believe there would be more reports inthe coming year of scientific discoveries to combat or diagnoseAquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS), and these wouldpropel related companies' shares even higher than they hadrisen already.    "AIDS stories suck individuals' money into the market.Japanese people are paranoid about AIDS," said one broker. REUTER&#3;