The British government may revoke thelicences of selected Japanese banks and securities companiesoperating in London's financial City when they come up forrenewal next summer if progress is not made towards opening upJapan's markets to foreign competition, government sourcessaid.    "We can't say "yes, we are going to do it (revoke licences)"but this is definitely being considered," an official said.    His comments came after the government was formally urgedtoday by a cross-section of influential MPs to take jointretaliatory action with the United States against Japan.    Britain has grown increasingly impatient with Japanesetrade practices. "There's a sense of urgency here now, but theemphasis is on securing - not undermining - our interests inJapan," another government official told Reuters.    Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher said on Thursday thatBritain would not hesitate to use new powers contained in theFinancial Services Act 1986 and the Banking Bill to retaliateagainst countries that do not offer reciprocal market access.    She clearly had Japan in mind, government sources said.    The U.K. Last year showed a trade defict with Japan of 3.7billion stg, official figures show.    A parliamentary motion, signed by 98 MPs, today urged theU.K. Government to "coordinate action with the President of theUnited States, and through the Department of Trade andIndustry, to suspend all further applications from Japanesecommunications companies for equipment approval by the BritishApprovals Board for Telecommunications, and all furtherapplications from Japanese financial institutions for licences"until authorities in Japan stopped imposing what the MPs called"restrictive conditions" on the bid by (Cable and Wireless PLC)(cawl.L) and its U.S. And Japanese partners for a stake inJapan's international telecommunications market.    The motion for retaliatory steps came from a cross-sectionof MPs, reflecting the strength of feeling inside Parliament.Parliamentarians said their action would increase pressure onthe Conservative government to take firm action.    Officials said another option now being considered by theU.K. Is to refuse issuing new banking licences to Japaneseinstitutions. That could be done under the government'sproposed Banking Bill now moving through parliament.    58 Japanese financial institutions are authorised to dealin London, of which 29 are banks. In Tokyo, 14 London-basedfirms are authorised to do financial business, officials said.    The new financial services and banking acts offer Britainan alternative for retaliation which would be otherwise deniedunder legally-binding international trade agreements.    "The Financial Services Act gives (Trade and IndustrySecretary Paul) Channon power to stop firms from engaging ininvestment, banking and insurance," one official said.    "This point has been made to the Japanese at official levela number times," the official added.    Britain and France are now working together to urge thatthe European Community take collective action against Japan,but by working within EC treaties, another official said.    British Trade Minister Alan Clark said this week in a radiointerview that the European Community should build barriersagainst Japanese imports through certification proceduressimilar to those facing European exporters in Japan.    "There comes a point where you cannot resist any longer," hesaid, adding "(such barriers) can't be put in place overnight."Clark said the issue of reciprocity regarding visible trade"strikes at the basis of whether British industry is to have afair access to an extremely large market (Japan) which isitself in a very dominant position (in) certain aspects of ourown domestic market ... It is really a question of fairness."    The situation is only likely to worsen following news thatJapan's trade surplus with the rest of the world rose by morethan 70 pct in February, year-on-year, to 8.14 billion dlrsfrom 5.7 billion in January, political sources said.    But Clark said in his interview that the issues of visibletrade and access to financial markets should be kept separate.    Should Britain decide to act against Japanese financialinstitutions, it would most likely focus on the smaller, ratherthan larger ones, to minimise any risks to its role as a globalbusiness centre, government sources said. Japan's four largestsecurities houses are members of the London Stock Exchange.    In Washington, White House officials said President Reaganwas ready to impose retaliatory trade action against Japan forbreaking its semiconductor agreement with the United States.    There was no immediate indication when Reagan might act onthe recommendations of his Economic Policy Council to curbJapanese exports to the United States but officials said themove could come today or early next week.    Trade sources said the actions being weighed by Reaganincluded tariffs on a wide variety of Japanese exports whichuse semiconductors. REUTER&#3;