Taiwan's new controls on currencyinflows, implemented today, are a desperate bid to stem a floodof speculative money prompted by the local currency surgeagainst the U.S. Dollar, local and foreign bankers said.    The central bank now has to clear remittances exceeding onemln U.S. Dlrs earned from exports, shipping and insurance andbank lending plus remittances of more than 10,000 dlrs from anyother source.    Petitioners have to show their remittances relate togenuine commercial transactions.    Meanwhile, traders are no longer required to report alloutward payments concerning invisible trade, including freight,insurance and royalties, to the central bank.    But bankers said they believed the new controls would beineffective since businessmen could split up remittances intosmaller units or simply remit money through Taiwan'sflourishing currency black market.    The bankers said the controls, announced on March 6, are apanic reaction to U.S. Pressure, which has intensified over thepast week, for a faster appreciation of the Taiwan dollar toslow the growth of Taiwan's exports to the U.S.    The government has denied local press reports Washington ispressing for an exchange rate of up to 28 dlrs.    The Taiwan dollar opened four cents up today at 34.70.    "I don't think the central bank has a final target," said anexecutive with a U.S. Bank. Other bankers and economists saidthey are wary of making any firm predictions about how far theTaiwan dollar will rise.    Taiwan's trade surplus with the U.S. Hit 13.6 billion U.S.Dlrs last year against 10.2 billion in 1985. The surpluswidened in the first two months of the year to 2.35 billiondlrs from 1.87 billion in the same period last year.    Economists estimate up to five billion dlrs in speculativemoney flowed into Taiwan in 1986.    This inflow helped boost foreign exchange reserves to morethan 51 billion dlrs from just under 25 billion this time lastyear and provided further upward pressure on the currency.    The Taiwan dollar has appreciated by almost 15 pct againstthe U.S. Currency since September 1985, further encouragingspeculators.    Central bank governor Chang Chi-cheng said last weekWashington's pressure plus rising foreign exchange reservesmeant a further strengthening in the currency is inevitable.    Many local bankers argue the only effective solution to thecurrency problem is to drop foreign exchange controls and allowthe local dollar to find its own level.    "Lifting exchange controls is the final answer, but thecentral bank is not prepared to do it. It simply does not wantto take the risk," said one local banker.    He said he believed the new restrictions are a temporarymeasure designed to buy time as the central bank grapples withthe exchange rate problem.    The restrictions are a bureaucratic imposition and skirtaround the real issue, he said.    Taiwan needs a fundamental restructuring of foreignexchange controls, said an executive with a western bank.    "The controls will create more paperwork, but the extra bankcharges will not outweigh the profits of speculation," said themanager of a European bank.    Economists criticised the controls, saying they couldantagonise Washington, which is pushing for further economicliberalisation in Taiwan.    "Instead of liberalising outflows, the government hasrestricted inflows," said Kate Newman, an economist with Vickersda Costa.    A local banker, who declined to be named, said, "It'sbasically ridiculous. It's a backward movement and goes againstthe government's liberalisation programme."    Taiwan last year eased some of its financial regulations toenable Taiwan nationals to invest in foreign government bonds,treasury bills and certificates of deposit and to allowindividuals to take 5,000 U.S. Dlrs in cash out of the countryeach year. REUTER&#3;