Congressional ire is rising againstthe multinational development banks which make loans to helpother countries produce goods in direct competition withbeleagured U.S. farmers and miners.    With a record U.S. trade deficit of 169 billion dlrs lastyear and a farm economy in the doldrums, Congress is pressingto hold back U.S. funds for the World Bank and otherdevelopment banks if the money is used to subsidize productionor to produce goods already in oversupply around the world.     "American tax dollars are being used to subsidize foreignagriculture and mineral production that is often in directcompetition with our producers," Senator Don Nickles, anOklahoma Republican, said in a letter to fellow senatorsseeking support for his legislation to limit these loans.    Nickles and Senator Steven Symms, a conservative Republicanfrom Idaho, have introduced legislation that would strictlylimit U.S. funding of multinational development banks if theymake any loans to help developing countries produce surpluscommodities or minerals.    Current law requires that the United States vote againstsuch loans but carries no reprisals if they are ultimatelyapproved by the banks.    Treasury Secretary James Baker's assurances that U.S.policy is to oppose these loans did not satisfy concerns raisedat two Senate committee hearings last week.    Baker told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee on ForeignOperations, "As a policy matter, we oppose loans for productionof commodities in oversupply."    The senators cited a 350-mln-dlr World Bank loan made toArgentina last year to help it increase its agriculturalexports by one billion dlrs a year by 1989.    Nickles, Symms and others also have cited other loans suchas a 1985 World Bank loan to Hungary to expand livestockexports and 500 mln dlrs lent to Thailand from 1981 to 1985 atlow interest rates for agriculture.    Last year the Republican-controlled Senate voted threetimes over the objections of the administration to cut U.S.funding of development banks by the amount of these loans.    But even with a 65 to 15 vote in favour of the proposal,the restrictions were weakened in the final version. Only aprovision directing U.S. officials to vote disapproval clearedCongress.    This year's version, called the Foreign AgriculturalInvestment Reform (FAIR) Act would require the U.S. to voteagainst loans designed to increase production of surpluscommodities and minerals. Also, the recipient countries wouldhave to prove that the production, marketing and export of thecommodities could be handled without government subsidy.    If the loan is approved over U.S. objections, the UnitedStates would not increase or replenish funds for thatinstitution until it agrees to stop making such loans.    Objections to such loans have most often been raised byconservative Republicans who have traditionally opposed U.S.funding for these international development banks.    But the loss of many jobs to foreign competition has raisedsimilar concerns among more moderate senators.    The administration opposes any legislation that would tieits hands in votes on the loans. It argues there might beinstances in which a country needed the money to continue itsmoves toward U.S. policies in other areas.    Baker said the United States would continue to use itsleverage in the banks to require foreign trade liberalizationmeasures, often in the form of elimination of subsidies.    Two House Republicans, Representatives Larry Craig of Idahoand Beau Bolter of Texas, have introduced the bill. But itfaces stiff opposition in the House Banking Committee which hasblocked its consideration by the House in the past.    Symms intends to offer the bill as an amendment to anyrelated legislation this year, an aide said. Reuter&#3;