Lloyd's of London has offered to meetpart of the 235 mln stg in claims that investors in PCWUnderwriting Agencies face due to fraud and mismanagement,chairman Peter Miller said at a press conference.    Miller urged 3,000 PCW members to accept the offer so thatthe five-year-old affair could be closed.    The members have until May 30 to accept the offer,involving a 103 mln stg payment by Lloyd's and some of Lloyd'sunderwriters in exchange for a 34 mln stg contribution from PCWmembers, he said.    Miller said that at end-1985, PCW syndicates had grossliabilities of 680 mln stg.    To offset this, they had assets, including cash andpayments from reinsurance policies on some of the risksunderwritten by the syndicates, of 445 mln stg, leaving netliabilities of 235 mln, he said.    The total sum on offer, including a 48 mln stg payment fromLloyd's 311 mln stg contingency fund and 55 mln stg fromLloyd's brokers who could otherwise face court cases for theirinvolvement in PCW, is designed to cover the full reinsurancecost for those 235 mln stg of net liabilities, Miller said.    Under the offer, which requires 90 pct acceptance, Lloyd'sitself would take over all members' future obligationsconnected with the PCW syndicates, Miller said. Members wouldhave to agree not to pursue the matter in court.    Miller said a rejection of the offer would probably lead toprotracted litigation in court which, even if succesful formembers, was unlikely to produce a better deal for them.    He added that acceptance would mean members could continueunderwriting in the Lloyd's market and qualify for tax reliefon the cash payments they would make towards the settlement.    Miller denied that PCW members would face bills of over200,000 stg.    He said only 34 members would be asked to pay between100,000 and 200,000 stg, and about 100 between 60,000 and100,000 stg. Special arrangements would be sought for those whoaccept the offer but are unable to pay.    Miller said the offer did not imply Lloyd's acceptedresponsibility for the affair, uncovered in the late autumn of1982 when "it became quite clear that (PCW agency founder) PeterCameron Webb and (his partner) Peter Dixon had perpetratedtheft upon members," he said.    Part of the sum involved was subsequently recovered andrepaid to members, but Cameron Webb and Dixon left the affairsof PCW syndicates "in a state of chaos which led to a sharpdeterioration of their underwriting results," Miller said. Bothwere fined by a Lloyd's disciplinary committee and expelledfrom membership.    He said Lloyd's would continue to seek reparation inBritish and U.S. Courts "with the utmost vigour ... To bring toa close one of the most shameful episodes in the history ofLloyd's," and was contemplating claiming the full amount of thesettlement now on offer from Cameron Webb and Dixon.    In a reaction, insurance brokerage Sedgwick Group Plc&lt;SDWK.L> said it supported Lloyd's proposals and hadcontributed 10 mln stg towards the proposed settlement.    It said in a statement, "as largest broker in the Lloyd'smarket, the company has an essential interest in maintainingthe reputation of the market. That reputation has been damagedby problems at PCW and will continue to be so as long as theyremain unresolved." It had contributed to the proposedsettlement to avoid costs related to the defence of some of itssubsidiaries which had been named as potential defendants tolitigation by PCW members, it said. Reuter&#3;