The Soviet Union outlined its economictargets for 1988 on Monday, stressing the need to improvestandards in the country's sluggish engineering industry.    Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin told the Supreme Sovietindustrial output should rise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from aplanned 4.4 pct in 1987. It rose 3.6 pct in Jan-Sept 1987.    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalentto gross national product, should rise by 4.3 pct against aplanned 4.1 pct this year. Gross national product measures theoutput of a country's goods and services.    He said the Kremlin planned to produce 235 mln tonnes ofgrain in 1988 versus a planned 232 mln this year. Moscowproduced 210 mln tonnes in 1986.    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has describedmachine-builing as a sector whose rapid modernization isessential if the Soviet Union is to compete effectively onworld markets.    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in themachine-building industry. The economy is not receiving aconsiderable amount of the equipment that it requires," saidTalyzin, who heads the state planning committee GOSPLAN.    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makesmachine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of 1987compared with the same period last year.    However, this was far below the 7.3 pct increase plannedfor the industry for the whole of 1988.    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo had concluded at a recentmeeting that an improvement in economic performance depended toa large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scalemeasures are planned to save resources," he said.    Finance Minister Boris Gostev told the Supreme Soviet thatdefense spending in 1988 would total 32 billion dlrs, the samefigure as was announced last year.    Western governments view official Soviet estimates fordefense spending as highly understated, but say the real figureis hard to calculate because Soviet military industries areintertwined with the civilian economy.    Talyzin said the Kremlin also decided to increase spendingnext year on medical services, education, pensions and socialinsurance schemes. Reuter&#3;