The World Bank is expected to approve a310 mln dlr economic recovery loan for the Philippines at ameeting of its executive board today in Washington, CentralBank sources said.    The sources said the loan, agreed upon in principle lastSeptember during a visit to the United States by PresidentCorazon Aquino, had been held up by Philippine governmentdelays in fulfilling key conditions.    They said the documents required by the World Bank were notsubmitted by Manila until late February.    The sources said the loan is needed to rehabilitate the thestate-owned Philippine National Bank (PNB) and the DevelopmentBank of the Philippines (DBP), which together are burdened withseven billion dlrs of non-performing assets.    They said the World Bank had insisted the two banks appointindependent auditors and draft revised charters.    It also laid down several conditions for an AssetPrivatisation Trust (APT) planned by the government to disposeof the banks' unproductive assets, the sources said.    The APT, set up in January, is headed by banker andbusinessman David SyCip.    The sources said the World Bank wanted respected privatesector individuals to be appointed to the APT, and immunityfrom prosecution for the trust. It wanted a clause sayingbuyers of non-performing assets could not be prosecuted.    The Manila Standard newspaper quoted Rolando Arrivillaga,World Bank representative in the Philippines, as saying theloan would be in three 100 mln dlr tranches. The first tranchewould be available late this month or in early April.    Arrivillaga said the remaining 10 mln dlrs was in the formof technical assistance available for disbursement during a36-month period.    Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin has said approval of theloan will trigger another 300 mln dlr loan expected from theExport-Import Bank of Japan.    The Central Bank sources said negotiations would start inApril on another 150 mln dlr loan from the World Bank toimplement reforms in the government corporate sector.    The sources said the World Bank is expected to approve theloan by August, after a review of the government'snon-financial institutions. The government's 14 majorcorporations rely heavily on budgetary support to supplementexternal borrowing to meet their yearly revenue shortfalls. REUTER&#3;