The West German government's independentcouncil of economic experts believes a further stimulation ofthe economy is inappropriate, government spokesman FriedhelmOst said.    A statement released by Ost after a meeting of ChancellorHelmut Kohl and senior government officials with the councilsaid the experts believed 1987 ecomomic growth of 1-1/2 to twopct was achievable.    It added the council believed "an intensification of thealready expansionary stimulation of monetary and financialpolicy is not called for."    Ost's statement said experts believed further pressure onWest Germany to adapt to external economic factors would notincrease.    The government regularly uses the term "changed externaleconomic factors" when referring to the fall of the dollar,which has severely damaged West German exports. Bonn officialshave said they expect exports to pick up during the year, butcould still fall below the 1986 level.    Along with other leading industrial countries, West Germanyagreed to a package of measures at a meeting in Paris inFebruary aimed at stemming the fall of the dollar.    The stance taken by the experts backs up the officialposition of the West German government ahead of next week'sseven nation summit in Venice, where Bonn is expected to bepressed by the U.S. And other partners to boost its economy.    West German government officials have stressed Bonn is notin a position to stimulate growth further since tax cuts duenext year and 1990 are already stretching the budget.    The Bundesbank has also ruled out a quick cut in officialinterest rates although it sees market rates continuing low.    The experts' prediction for economic growth this year ofbetween 1-1/2 and two pct is a slight downward revision from aforecast made last November when two pct growth was forecast.    Many independent forecasters have revised down 1987predictions in light of the downturn in exports. The governmentitself has said it expects growth of just under two pct,compared with a 2.4 pct expansion in 1986. REUTER&#3;