&lt;Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc> saidsome Wall Street firms have limited their commodities tradingbusiness with Drexel.    Rumors circulated in financial and commodity marketsyesterday that units of &lt;Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc>, SalomonInc &lt;SB> and &lt;Goldman, Sachs and Co> had restricted commoditiesbusiness with Drexel because of its involvement in thegovernment's insider trading probe.    In response to questions, a Drexel spokesman said, "Anyquestions raised about our credit conditions are ridiculous asthose few competitors who have instituted restrictions forwhatever their motives well know."    Securities industry sources said the three firms wererestricting their business with Drexel particularly in oil andprecious metals. The firms have restricted business in someareas, but not others, the sources said.    All three firms declined to comment, and the Drexelspokesman did not identify the companies by name.    Drexel and some officials, including Michael Milken, headof its "junk bond" department, were subpoenaed following thegovernment's settlement of insider trading charges againstarbitrager Ivan Boesky.    Securities industry sources said the three firms wererestricting their business with Drexel particularly in oil andprecious metals. The firms have restricted business in someareas, but not others, the sources said.    All three firms declined to comment, and the Drexelspokesman did not identify the companies by name.    Drexel and some officials, including Michael Milken, headof its "junk bond" department, were subpoenaed following thegovernment's settlement of insider trading charges againstarbitrager Ivan Boesky.    "Our commodity trading group, &lt;DBL Trading Corp>, isoperating normally and very profitably. It has had absolutelyno disruption in its trading and operation," a Drexel spokesmansaid.    He added, "the financial picture of the firm as a whole hasnever been healthier. We have capital of 1.9 billion dlrs, thefourth largest on Wall Street, equity of 1.3 billion dlrs, andexcess net capital of one billion dlrs."    "People who invent and circulate rumors about any financialinstitution, including Drexel Burnham, are doing a serious,grave disservice to the investing public and marketplace," thespokesman said. Reuter&#3;