Central bank intervention in theforeign exchange markets succeeded in staunching the dollar'slosses today, but senior dealers here believe the U.S. currencyis headed for a further retreat.    Although the intervention was widespread, dealers perceivethat the six major industrial nations have differing levels ofcommitment to their recent accord to stabilize currencies.    Moreover, hard economic realities hold greater sway overthe currency market than central bank intervention and theseargue for a further dollar decline, dealers said.    "The market can be bigger than the central banks. Andeconomic fundamentals will always come to the fore," said adealer at one major U.S. bank.    As the dollar dropped to post-World War II lows against theyen today foreign exchange traders said the Bank of Japan,Federal Reserve Board and Bank of England intervened in themarkets on behalf of the U.S. currency.    Reports of the authorities' actions helped the dollarrecover to about 149.45 yen in New York this afternoon fromthe post-war low of 148.20 yen in the Far East. But it stillfailed to regain Monday's U.S. closing level of 150.00/05 yen.    Tokyo dealers said the Bank of Japan bought one to 1.5billion dlrs in Tokyo today and may also have purchased dollarsyesterday in the U.S. via the Federal Reserve.    Meanwhile, there were strong rumors in New York that theFed also bought a modest amount of dollars around 148.50 yentoday. Talk also circulated that the Bank of England purchaseda small amount of dollars for yen.    The Fed's last confirmed intervention was on January 28when it bought 50 mln dlrs in coordination with the Bank ofJapan. But on March 11 the Fed also was rumored to havesignalled displeasure with a dollar surge above 1.87 marks.    The authorities' actions appeared to back up the February22 Paris pact between the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,France and Canada under which the nations agreed to cooperateto foster exchange rate stability around prevailing levels.    But foreign exchange dealers were not overly impressed bythe authorities' intervention which they said can only softenextreme moves in the market.    For one thing, some dealers believed that the Fed'spurchases were done on behalf of the Bank of Japan rather thanfor the U.S. central bank's own account, suggesting a rather  watered-down American commitment to the currency accord.    The Bank of England's action also was thought to becompleted on behalf of the Japanese central bank, reinforcingthe market's view that Japan is the most resolute of the sixnations in its support of the currency pact.    "No-one doubts the Bank of Japan is serious. But the othertwo central banks seem to be making more token gestures thananything else," said Chris Bourdain of BankAmerica Corp.    "I'm not convinced the intervention was concerted," saidEarl Johnson of Harris Trust and Savings Bank in Chicago. "It's a yen problem more than anything else."    Some dealers said a rising wave of trade protectionistsentiment in the U.S. limits the extent to which the Americanauthorities can endorse a stronger dollar against the yen.    "The dollar's break below the key 150 yen level ties theTreasury's hands behind its back. The U.S. cannot intervene onits own account because of the strength of protectionism here,"said Albert Soria of Swiss Bank Corp.    Such comments reflect the view that the currency marketsare becoming increasingly politicized. Despite officialdenials, some traders still feel the U.S. would countenance alower dollar to help trim the nation's trade deficit.    The majority of the 170 billion dlr merchandise tradedeficit in 1986 was with Japan.    Indeed U.S. Treasury secretary James Baker's comment onSunday that the February currency pact had not establisheddollar targets was read by the market as a signal to sell theU.S. currency and kicked off the latest retreat.    "The dollar still has more room on the downside against theyen based on the frictions in trade and financial services. Thecurrency market is becoming very political," said Natsuo Okadaof Sumitomo Bank Ltd.    Okada expects the dollar to trade between 148 and 150 yenthis week but sees the chance of a drop to 140 yen by the endof April or early May.    Even if West Germany and Japan succeed in stimulating theireconomies, it may not be enough to solve structural economicimbalances in the near future, dealers said.    "Even if Japan and West Germany do expand this year, itwon't be enough to help the trade situation much," saidBourdain of BankAmerica, who also expects the dollar to drop to148 yen in the next couple of days. Reuter&#3;