Taft Broadcasting Co stock rose almostthree points today as its vice chairman and an investment groupproposed to sweeten a takeover offer for the company.    However, several arbitragers said they would shy away fromthe stock at its current price levels since it is unclear howhigh bidding for the company would go and whether the companywould agree to a takeover.    "There are too many uncertainties," said one arbitrager.    Taft stock rose 2-7/8 to 155-3/4.    Dudley Taft, Taft vice chairman, and Narragansett CapitalInc said they sent a letter to the Taft board, stating theywere committed to pursuing acquisition of the broadcast companyand were prepared to negotiate a transaction in excess of 150dlrs per share.    The company responded that the proposal would be submittedto the board of directors, but that no decisions have yet beenmade on a sale of the company.    "Someone's betting this company will go for 170 (dlrs pershare)," said one arbitrager.    Arbitragers said the stock is a risky buy at currentlevels, unless an offer was accepted in the 170 dlr per sharerange. They said to make an arbitrage investment at this levelwould be chancy since it will take a long time for anytransaction to be completed because of regulatory approvalsnecessary for the broadcast properites.    Taft earlier rejected a 145 dlr per share or 1.35 billiondlr bid from the investment group. The company said it rejectedthe bid as inadequate based on advice of Goldman, Sachs and Co,its financial adviser. It said it would consider alternativessuch as restructuring.    Arbitragers speculated a bidding war may erupt for Taft,which has two large shareholders in an investment group led byRobert Bass and Carl Lindner, chairman of American FinancialCorp. The Bass group holds 25 pct of Taft and Lindner holds16.2 pct. The Taft family, which founded the company almost 50years ago, has about 12 pct.    Lindner last week told the Securities and ExchangeCommission he may be interested in making a bid for Taft.    "I could see if things got really crazy that it might gofor 175 (dlrs per share)," said one arbitrager, but hespeculated it probably would not even be taken over for morethan a price in the 160s.    Another speculated that Lindner might bid, but hespeculated the investor would not really be interested inrunning the company. Lindner was unavailable for comment.    Dennis McAlpine, an analyst with Oppenheimer and Co, saidhe had speculated the company might be considering a leveragedbuyout.    "Ideally, you'd have to break this thing up to satisfy allthe interests involved," he said, adding the two largestshareholders might be interested in pieces of Taft.    He said the highest takeover price he calculated for thecompany has been about 140 dlrs per share, but that the highestestimates on Wall Street have been about 160. He said thelatter would be based on more optimistic expectations for thebroadcast industry. Reuter&#3;