The results of a controversial studyof farm subsidies conducted by the Paris-based Organisation forEconomic Cooperation and Development, OECD, show Japan has thehighest agriculture subsidies in the world, and that dairyfarmers benefit more than any other commodity producers fromsubsidies.    Results of the study, which has not been released by OECDbecause of objections from some countries, were provided toReuters by officials of several countries on condition they notbe identified.    The OECD study calculates the level of farm subsidies forthe years 1979-81 using a new measure called the producersubsidy equivalent, PSE.    The study shows that on dairy products Japan's PSE, or theamount of aid to farmers expressed as a percentage, averaged83.3 pct over 1979-81, with the European Community at 68.8 pctand the United States 48.2 pct.    For wheat Japan's PSE averaged 95.8 pct, the EC 28.1 andthe U.S. 17.2. Japan's rice PSE was 68.8 pct compared to the EC13.6 and the U.S. 5.4 pct, the OECD calculations show.    In coarse grains, Japan's subsidies reached 107.1 pctcompared with 27.9 pct for the EC and 13.1 pct for the U.S.Japan's beef subsidy was 54.9 pct versus 52.7 pct for the ECand 9.5 pct for the U.S., OECD concluded.    For sugar, Japan's PSE was 48.4 pct versus 27.9 pct in theEC and 13.1 pct for the U.S., the study shows.    The OECD calculated farm subsidies for other industrialcountries such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand but in mostcases the results were much lower than for the U.S., EC andJapan, the sources said.    Subsidies in Argentina and Brazil, two major developingcountry producers of commodities, were not included in the OECDwork.    Officials said they hope to persuade reluctant countries torelease the study soon, perhaps coinciding with the OECDministerial meeting in Paris during May.    Some officials hope the OECD results will be used as a basis for negotiations during the Uruguay round of global tradetalks now underway in Geneva.    British Agriculture Minister Michael Jopling during a visitto Washington this week endorsed the OECD work as a startingpoint for the Uruguay round negotiations on agriculture.    He said the PSE calculations provide a tool to negotiatedown domestic farm support levels, which are a major cause ofthe present crisis in world agriculture.    However, the OECD study results are controversial becausethey highlight the levels of assistance to farmers, officialsfamiliar with the study said.    The U.S. Agriculture Department's Economic Research Servicerecently published a study of farm subsidies in an attempt toverify the OECD results and update them to 1982-84.    In some cases the results were substantially different thanthe OECD's, in part because farm policies in both the U.S. andelsewhere had changed markedly by 1982-84 from the OECD baseperiod of 1979-81, U.S. officials said.    For example, the USDA study found the United Statessubsidies to corn producers were higher in 1982-84, at 25 to 49pct, than in the EC, at zero to nine pct.    French Maize Producers Association president Marcel Cazale,citing the result of the USDA calculation for corn, toldreporters last week that the United States subsidizes itsfarmers more than the EC.    However, the sources said EC corn subsidies are probablyhigher than the U.S. now because of increases since 1984.    Officials of several countries have been asked tocontribute data to OECD so that the study can be updated to1985 subsidy levels, a much more relevant measure of thecurrent world farm situation.    The updated calculations, which may take several months tocomplete, are expected to show substantial increases in U.S.subsidy levels for sugar because the U.S. imposed restrictiveimport quotas in 1982 as aid to the domestic industry.    U.S. subsidy levels also are increased by the 1985 farmbill, which sharply boosted government deficiency payments tograin farmers and applied a marketing loan for rice, officialsadded. Reuter&#3;