When the largest German "universal"banks begin announcing 1986 results this week they shouldreport the third consecutive record year. But prospects for1987 and beyond would be distinctly cloudier, bank analystssaid.    Results should show the trend which began this decade wasunbroken. The proportion of earnings gleaned from commissionbusiness should be higher, while the role played by the moretraditional credit lending business would show further erosion.    Stock exchange volumes remained high last year, depite onlymodest share index rises in the year. In addition, major banks last year were very active in newbourse flotations and primary and secondary bond marketbusiness, banking analysts said.    Despite last week's quite strong rally, the depressed stockmarket and forecasts that it would probably not attractsustained interest from the global investment community made adownturn in commission business most likely.    Pressure on the interest rate margin and the increasingcompetition posed not only by foreign banks in Germany but byforeign stock exchanges, particularly London, would also bringmore guarded prognoses for the future from board members.    But one banking analyst said, "There's obviously no reasonto paint too dark a picture. In this decade so far, the bankshave posted practically only record profits, with increases of50 pct and more. This cycle must clearly end sometime."    One problem more psychological than real was West Germanbanks' exposure to Latin American debtor nations. Bankofficials have said that a good 70 pct of the exposure has beenwritten off on balance sheets.    Some analysts consider that the conservative accounting ofGerman banks may in some cases have prompted the writedown of80 or even 100 pct of several exposures there.    With almost all Latin American exposure denominated in dlrsand written down two or three years ago, the U.S. Currency'sfall has made further allocations to country risk reserves forthe region virtually unnecessary.    "German bank earnings have become much more dependent ondevelopments on the stock exchange than on the debt question," asecond analyst said.    It is precisely because of bank reporting rules that allowthe build up of "hidden" reserves known only to the Bundesbank,that few analysts produced precise earnings forecasts as theydid for corporate non-banks.    But Alastair France, of London brokers Alexanders, Laing &amp;Cruickshank, said his clculations showed that Deutsche Bank AG&lt;DBKG.F> would report a very strong 1986, boosted&amp;by&#127;herMdbs&#127;oa&#127; &#127;Z the FriedrichFlick &#127;nd&#127;st&#127;ieve&#127;waltung KGAAindustrial empire, followed by a fairly strong drop back thisyear and flat earnings in 1988.    This contrasted with Dresdner Bank AG &lt;DRSD.F> andCommerzbank AG &lt;CBKG.F> whose earnings would drift fractionallylower this year and then rise modestly in 1988. On the GermanDVFA basis, Deutsche should report 59 marks per share in 1986and 49 marks in both ensuing years, France said.&#3;