A large Dutch animal feed compounderwill begin formal legal proceedings early next month as a testcase on the way the EC grain co-responsibility levy is applied,a spokesman for Dutch grain and feed trade association, HetComite, told Reuters.    Het Comite has been co-ordinating national actions againstalleged distortions caused by currency factors in the levy and,since December, has lodged more than 80 individual cases withthe Business Appeal Court in The Hague.    The basic complaint is that the levy does not take accountof currency cross-rates of exchange and therefore compoundersin countries with strong currencies may have to pay more intheir own currency than is paid to them by producers in anothercountry.    Het Comite has obtained a temporary agreement thatcompanies can pay the amount they receive toward the levyrather than paying a full guilder amount to the Dutch graincommodity board.    The spokesman said Het Comite will provide financial andlegal backing to the test case in the Business AdministrationCourt in the Hague. Oral proceedings are to begin on April 10.    The spokesman said Het Comite finally selected the companyfor the test case from among the 80 lodged "because the bill(the firm) received from the commodity board for payment of thelevy contained significant currency distortions and involvedgrain from a wide variety of origins." The name of the companyis not being made public.    The Administration Court is not expected to make a finalruling on the case in the near future. The Het Comite spokesmansaid it was very likely it would refer questions to the AppealCourt in Luxembourg, and "as a result it could easily be anothernine to 12 months before the matter is finally resolved."    Meanwhile, the actions by Dutch animal feed compounders areputting pressure on the commodity board to urge the Dutchgovernment to follow through on earlier statements and seek acomplete review in Brussels of the way in which the levy iscollected, the spokesman said.    Het Comite, as a member of FEFAC, the association ofEuropean animal feed manufacturers, is also a party to actionsprotesting the whole levy in the Luxembourg appeal court. Reuter&#3;