Borg-Warner Corp will vigorouslyresist GAF Corp's 46-dlr-per-share takeover offer, but theMidwest conglomerate may fall prey to another offer,either from GAF or its own management, analysts believe.    Analysts also said Borg-Warner may attempt to escape GAFthrough a restructuring. The speculation pushed Borg-Warner'sstock up 1-3/8 to 48-1/2 in heavy trading.    Analysts predicted feisty GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman willstage a tough campaign to gain control of Borg-Warner so he canadd its profitable plastics and chemical business to GAF.    "It seems from at least their dealing with (raider Irwin)Jacobs that they don't want to be taken over. The question isnow do they acquiesce to GAF. I think instinctively, they wantto remain independent," said Dudley Heer of Duff and Phelps.    Borg-Warner has been under siege by takeover speculationfor almost a year. Last week, Jacobs' investment vehicle,Minstar Inc, and an investor group sold its 10.1 mlnBorg-Warner shares. The same day, GAF Corp raised its stake by9.1 mln shares to 19.9 pct of the outstanding.    Jacobs was interested in buying the company, but took nosteps toward a transaction.    "Their (Borg-Warner) policy has been to stonewall them forthe last nine months. It's been one of the dullest corporatebattles I've seen," said one analyst.    The battle, however, has heated up, and the range ofbreakup values on Wall Street span from the current marketprice to almost 60 dlrs per share. Most analysts said theythink a price in the low 50s would be appropriate.    Arbitragers speculate that GAF will not give up easily onits 3.16 billion dlr offer to buy the balance of Borg-Warner.    Analysts who know GAF predict Heyman will either end upwith Borg-Warner or enrich his chemicals and building materialscompany in some other way. Heyman two years ago attempted anunsuccessful takeover of Union Carbide Corp, but GAF benefitedfrom that company's restructuring.    "Borg Warner can't quibble that it's not a legitimateoffer. It seems to me the short of it is Borg Warner is kind ofbetween a rock and a hard place. They either have to accept a46 dlr proposal or perhaps work a deal where it's sweetened. Ipersonally think the company is (worth) around 55 dlrs pershare," said Pershing analyst Richard Henderson.    Henderson also speculated the company might attempt arestructuring such as the one carried out by Goodyear Tire andRubber Co last year when it was being courted by Sir JamesGoldsmith. The company bought back the financier's stock andcarried out a wider share repurchase.    Arbitragers, however, said they do not believe Heyman isseeking "greenmail," or the repurchase of his stock by thecompany at a premium.    Analysts noted that Heyman seems to have no problems withfinancing the transaction.    Previously associated with "junk bond" experts, DrexelBurnham Lambert Inc, GAf said it would finance its Borg-Warnertakeover with bank financing. GAF said it would make a tenderoffer following a merger agreement approved by the Borg-WArnerboard and conditioned on the board's recommendation of thetender offer and merger.    Heyman said in a letter to Borg-Warner that he expects amerger would provide job security for Borg-Warner employeessince the two companies businesses overlap. Analysts, however,believe Heyman would sell off assets he did not want to repaydebt from the transaction.    GAF's stock rose 1-5/8 today, to 48-5/8.   "I believe, obviously, if GAF takes over Borg-Warner at thelevel it is proposing it would enhance GAF share valuessubstantially," said Oppenheimer analyst Charles Rose.    He said at 46 dlrs per share, Heyman's average cost for thecompany's stock would be 44 dlrs per share based on GAF'scurrent holdings.    Rose said the Borg-Warner plastics and chemical business,which makes thermo-plastics is the asset attracting Heyman.Analysts said it accounts for a third of Borg's earnings.    The plastics are used in telephone equipment, officeequipment and appliances. "Borg has half the market in the U.S.and is the leading technical player and the leading innovator,"Rose said. Its competitors are Dow Chemical Co &lt;DOW> andMonsanto Corp &lt;MTC>, he said.    Borg-Warner also has an automotive parts business, and aprotective systems business, which includes Wells Fargosecurity guards. It also has an information services business,and is trying to sell its financial services business.    Borg-Warner earned 206.1 mln dlrs or 2.35 dlrs per share onrevenues of 3.62 billion dlrs in 1986. Smaller GAF, in 1986,earned on an operating basis 80.7 mln dlrs or 2.22 dlrs pershare on sales of 753.8 mln dlrs.    GAF's net earnings included an after tax gain of 201.4 mlnfrom its participation in a Union Carbide exchange offer, aspecial union carbide dividend, and the sale of its UnionCarbide shares. Reuter&#3;