Borg-Warner &lt;BOR> Corp, facing anunwanted offer from GAF Corp &lt;GAF>, agreed to a 4.23 billiondlr buyout offer from a company to be formed by &lt;Merrill LynchCapital Partners Inc>.    Borg-Warner and Merrill said yesterday they entered adefinitive merger agreement, under which a subsidiary of thenew company, &lt;AV Holdings Corp>, will begin a 48.50 dlr pershare cash tender offer today for 77.6 mln shares or 89 pct ofBorg-Warner common stock.    The offer will be followed by a merger in which eachremaining share will be converted into 19.75 dlrs cash and54.25 dlrs principal amount of AV Holdings junior subordinateddiscount debentures.    As a result of the merger, Borg-Warner will become a whollyowned subsidiary of AV Holdings. A Borg-Warner spokeswoman saidmembers of management do not plan to participate in thetransaction, but they will retain their positions with thecompany.    A spokesman for GAF was unavailable for comment. GAF holds19.9 pct of Borg-Warner's shares.    GAF had said it would offer 46 dlrs per share.    Borg-Warner's spokeswoman said the company still plans tosell its financial services unit, which includes Wells Fargosecurity guards, and the Chilton Corp, a credit rating service.    Borg-Warner has been the focus of takeover speculation forabout a year. Corporate raider Irwin Jacobs last year proposeda takeover of the firm and until recently held 10 pct of thestock. Following the GAF offer, analysts had calculated breakupvalues for the company in the low 50 dlrs per share range andspeculated an offer would have to be sweetened.    In its statement, Borg-Warner said its board endorsed theMerrill offer and it recommended that shareholders tender theirshares. The board received opinions on the offer from itsadvisors, First Boston Corp and Goldman, Sachs and Co.    James Burke, president of Merrill Lynch Capital Partners,said, "We are very pleased to have entered into this transactionwith Borg-Warner. We are looking forward to working with theemployees of Borg-Warner and to Borg-Warner maintaining itsstrong presence in the Chicago community."    Merrill Lynch will be the dealer-manager for the offer,which expires at midnight EDT May 8 (0400 GMT, May 9), subjectto conditions, including the completion of necessary financingarrangements.    The offer is also subject to a minimum 44.25 mln shares, or51 pct of the outstanding shares, being tendered.    Merrill Lynch and certain affiliates have committed toprovide 200 mln dlrs in AV Holdings equity and 870 mln insubordinated financing and forward underwriting commitments.    Merrill Lynch said that following discussions withcommercial banks it is confident it can obtain the rest of thefinancing required to complete the transaction.    The junior subordinated discount debentures to be issued inthe merger will carry a 13 pct coupon and will begin payingcash interest after five years.    The debentures will be redeemable at the company's optionfor the first six years at 105 pct, during the seventh year at102.5 pct and after that at 100 pct of the principal amount.    The junior subordinated discount debentures have a maturityof 20 years and are entitled to a sinking fund commencing inthe 16th year designed to retire 60 pct of the issue beforematurity.    Borg-Warner will also redeem all of its outstanding 4.50dlrs cumulative preferred stock, series A, for 100 dlrs pershare. Holders who wish to participate in the offer must firstconvert their preferred stock into Borg-Warner common stock.    The board of Borg-Warner has also taken steps to redeem itspoison pill or share purchase rights for five cents per right,effective immediately. REUTER&#3;