The U.K. Government hopes for abreakthrough on the deadlock with Japan over trade policiesduring next week's visit to Tokyo by Corporate Affairs MinisterMichael Howard, political sources said.    Howard, who leaves for Japan tomorrow, told Reuters he willtry to promote understanding on trade issues during his visit.    Meanwhile, Britain will re-examine a letter from JapanesePrime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone promising personal help insolving the row over a U.K. Firm's bid to win a significantrole in Japan's telecommunications market, government sourcessaid.    Tensions have risen following Britain's decision to armitself early with new statutory powers which it says could beused against certain Japanese financial institutions.    Britain reacted optimistically at first to the letter fromNakasone to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, seeing it as asignal that he would work towards ensuring a satisfactoryoutcome to the bid launched by Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L>,government officials said.    But this view has since been clouded by reports from Tokyothat Nakasone's assurances really constituted little more thanpoliteness in the face of British anger, they added.    Howard said he would use his trip to push for a bigger rolein Japan's telecommunications industry for Cable and WirelessPlc. The U.K. Government has made the issue a test case forJapan's willingness to open its markets adequately to outsidecompetition.    Asked whether the letter from Nakasone was a rejection ofattempts by Britain to achieve that, Howard said "I am not sureit is correct to regard Mr Nakasone's letter as a rejection ofMrs Thatcher's request of him - and it says he is taking apersonal interest in this problem.    "I don't understand it to be closed at all."    Howard added that during his Tokyo visit he would be"talking to them about it (the letter), finding out exactly whatthey do mean about it, and making it plain that we take a veryserious view of the fact that access to Japanese markets is notas free as we allow access to our markets to be."    He noted that under the new Financial Services Act, Britaincould revoke or deny licences to Japanese banking and insuranceinstitutions in London if U.K. Firms fail to receive similartreatment in financial markets in Japan soon.    "I hope it won't come to that, and I don't think it will,"Howard added.    During the trip Howard will meet officials in the TokyoStock Exchange, the Ministry of Finance, the Trade Ministry,and Posts and Telecommunications Minister Shunjiro Karasawa.    Karasawa is regarded as behind opposition to anysignificant role for Cable and Wireless in the Japanesetelecommunications industry.    Share prices on the London Stock Exchange were underminedagain today by fears of a possible U.K./Japanese trade war.This was despite denials by Trade and Industry Secretary PaulChannon that Britain was on the verge of a trade war.    He told a meeting of insurance brokers today that Britainbelieved a "sensible solution" could be found which would openJapanese markets to British goods.    Government officials were at pains today to deny thatBritain had set a deadline of three weeks for Japan to promisesimilar access to its financial markets to U.K.-based financialfirms as that enjoyed in London by equivalent Japanese firms.    They said that Department of Trade and Industry officialshad said yesterday that the measures against Japanese financialinstitutions could be imposed from then but that this did notnecessarily constitute a deadline.    Experts believe Britain would lose out by acting againstJapanese banks, insurance and investment institutions. Butdespite the danger of Japanese firms taking their tradeelsewhere in Europe, Howard said he did not expect the move tobackfire.    He said in a radio interview today  "it is true that webenefit from their presence - but they would not want to losethose advantages. And I am sure they are making their viewsplain to the Japanese government on this matter."    Howard, who will also be visiting South Korea beforereturning to London on April 11, said his trip to Tokyo wasplanned well before the current trade row.    Howard said his talks with Japanese officials would alsoinclude ways of jointly combating financial fraud in globalmarkets with Japanese officials. This would be done through acooperation between national regulatory bodies.    He said a memorandum of understanding for exchanginginformation to combat financial fraud would be sought withJapan on terms similar to one signed last autumn betweenBritain and the United States. REUTER&#3;