Consuming countries, chastened by thecollapse of International Tin Council (ITC) price supportoperations in 1985, are insisting more than ever before thatcommodity pacts reflect the reality of the markets they areserving, a Reuter survey showed.    They want price ranges to be more responsive to markettrends - to avoid overstimulating output and straining theaccords' support operations - and intervention rules that avoidthe risk of exports by non-members undermining the pacts.Consumers and producers, mindful of ITC buffer stock losses,have also sought strict conditions for buffer operations.    Importers and some key exporting countries have shunned ageneralised approach to commodity price stabilisation andprefer to assess each commodity case by case, the surveyshowed.    The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) last week setprecise limits on what the Buffer Stock Manager (BSM) could dounder the new agreement. It imposed daily and weekly purchaselimits, prohibited the BSM from operating on futures marketsand stipulated, after consumer insistence, that up to 15 pct oftotal buffer stock purchases could be of non-member cocoa. Thiswill help prevent lower quality cocoa from Malaysia, theworld's fourth largest producer, undermining the market.    The cocoa pact establishes precise differentials the BufferStock Manager must use when purchasing varying grades.    A new International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) wasadopted earlier this month in Geneva. Importing and exportingcountries agreed several changes to make the reference pricemore responsive to market trends and they eliminated provisionsunder which the buffer stock could borrow from banks to financeoperations. Direct cash contributions from members will fundbuffer stock purchases. Bank financing was a particular featureof the failed ITC buffer stock which suffered losses runninginto hundreds of millions of sterling. Legal wrangles continue.    Recent International Coffee Organization (ICO) negotiationsin London exemplified the degree to which consumers insist thatagreements reflect market reality, commodity analysts said.    Consumers and a small group of producers argued that"objective criteria" should be used to define export quotashares, which would have meant a reduction in the share ofBrazil, the world's leading producer. Brazil wanted to maintainits previous quota share of 30 pct. The talks broke down and,although an ICO executive board meeting starts in London today,delegates and trade sources see chances of any near termnegotiations on export quota distribution as remote.    International agreements exist for sugar and wheat. Thesedo not have any economic clauses but provide a forum fordiscussions on possible future economic agreements, collectstatistics and draw up market analyses. Analysts saiddifferences between sugar exporting countries have held up anyprogress towards an accord with economic teeth, while sheercompetition between major exporters amid a world grain glutmilitate against any pact with economic provisions for wheat.    An alternative focus for commodity discussions areinternational study groups, made up of governments with advicefrom industry, such as those for lead and zinc and rubber.    The U.N. Common fund for commodities, with a planneddirectly contributed capital of 470 mln dlrs, has failed tobecome operational because neither the U.S. Nor the SovietUnion has ratified it. U.S. Officials in Washington said theU.S. Doubts the fund would be able to fulfil its objectives,citing the lack of widespread support.    U.S. Officials in Washington and Malaysian officials inKuala Lumpur expressed a policy of looking at each commoditypact case by case. U.S. Officials said it has been willing tostudy individual cases for economically sound, market-orientedcommodity accords balancing producer and consumer interests.    "We see little to be gained by attempting to increase theprice of a commodity whose long-term trend is downward,"official Administration policy states. The U.S. Currentlybelongs to only two international commodity agreements thathave economic clauses - the International Coffee Agreement(ICA) and INRA - but it is also a member of the sugar and wheatpacts.    The U.S. Did not join the International Cocoa Agreementbecause it considered its proposed price ranges unrealistic andnot designed to protect the interests of consuming countries,the State Department said. U.S. Officials singled out the INRAas the one commodity agreement that seems to be working.    U.S. Negotiators were successful in getting other membersof the pact to agree that the price review and adjustmentmechanism of the rubber agreement would accurately reflectmarket trends and also to continue the accord as a marketoriented agreement, U.S. Officials said.    Canadian officials in Ottawa also said they haveconsistently tried to look at membership of commodity pacts onthe merits of each case. Malaysian Primary Industries MinisterLim Keng Yaik told Reuters in Kuala Lumpur his country, theworld's top producer of rubber, tin and palm oil, decides itsparticipation in international commodity pacts case by case.    Malaysia is a member of the Association of Tin ProducingCountries (ATPC) which produce 65 pct of world tin. The ATPClaunched a plan to limit member tin exports to 96,000 tonnesfor a year from March to cut the tin surplus to 50,000 from70,000.    Economist in the West German Ministry of Agriculture anddelegate to cocoa, wheat and sugar agreements Peter Baron toldReuters in London, "Agreements with economic clauses tostabilise prices could function if fixed price ranges wereclose to market reality, if there was full participation byproducers and consumers, and if participants were prepared totake their obligations in the framework of the agreementseriously."    But Baron added, "No real sanctions are available for acountry that doesn't stick to its obligations...The Germanapproach is sceptical. We don't think agreements are the bestinstrument to help developing countries. They were never meantto be a vehicle for the transfer of resources and that is howdeveloping countries often interpret them."    Traditionally Britain has always been supportive ofcommodity agreements, reflecting its strong links with ThirdWorld producing countries. But recently demands for morestringent and justifiable pacts with emphasis placed on theneed for "intellectual honesty" and "objective criteria" havegrown.    British officials stress the need for commodity pacts to bea two way partnership in trade rather than a disguise for aid.    It is now seen as essential that any pacts involving directmarket participation through a buffer stock have a high degreeof transparency and do not contain the risk of open-endedborrowing that occurred in the tin pact, they said. U.K.Delegates talk of stabilisation and the need for prices toreflect changes in market structure and price trends ratherthan dictate what prices should be.    A Foreign Ministry official in Tokyo said Japan urges pricerealism in commodity pacts, adding high prices inflate supply.    A government spokesman in Paris said France is favourableto commodity pacts. France, a large consumer and producer ofsugar, favours a sugar pact as long as it reflects the realmarket situation, particularly regarding stocks.    Indonesia's Foreign Minister Mochtar Kusumaatmadja toldReuters in Jakarta: "These agreements can work as long as theproblems are cyclical..But it's another matter when there arestructural problems..But we are still committed to commodityagreements as an act of faith." Nicaraguan External TradeMinister Alejandro Martinez Cuenca said in London producerscannot afford not to give their backing to commodityagreements.    "The political will is not there on the part of someconsumers to make agreements work," Martinez Cuenca said.    The head of the economics department in the BrazilianForeign Ministry, Sebastiao do Rego Barros, told Reuters anagreement can be successful if it keeps a link with marketreality. If you have an agreement such as coffee with a systemof quotas, with a link between prices practised inside the pactand actual market prices, it can work. UNCTAD spokesman GrahamShanley said consuming countries realise steady export earningsenhance developing countries' ability to service debt and meangreater demand for industrialised nations' capital goods. REUTER&#3;