In order to accomodate the shift in thesettlement procedure for options on the Standard and Poor's 500stock index that the exchange announced last month, the ChicagoBoard Options Exchange (CBOE) said it has created a new classof options for the S and P contract &lt;SPX>.    The CBOE's new contract was needed to coincide with changesin the settlement procedure that the Chicago MercantileExchange (CME) made on its S and P 500 futures and optionscontract which will be implemented with the expiration of theJune contract.    Settlement of the CBOE's new option contract will be basedon the opening price of the S and P 500 index on expiraton day,while settlement of the current contract is based on theclosing price of the index.    "CBOE doesn't think that opening settlement is the solutionto the expiration effect, but we cannot exposure investors inour market to unanticipated risks arising from differentsettlement times in options and futures," CBOE chairman AlgerChapman said in a release.    "We're taking this step to give investors a choice ofsettlement times that meet their hedging needs," Chapman said.    The new contract was necessary because the Options ClearingCorp (OCC) did not allow its member exchanges to modify termsof any of its outstanding contracts, the CBOE said.    The new contract will satisfy the needs of customers whorequire an options contract based on opening prices of theindex, the CBOE said.    The opening settlement contract will trade parallel to theclosing settlement contract as long as the CME maintains itsopening settlement procedure for the S and P 500 futurescontract, a CBOE spokesperson said.    However, she noted that customer preference for one type ofsettlement procedure will eventually determine which contractwill prevail.    The opening settlement contract will trade on a March,June, September, December quarterly expiration cycle and willbe listed as soon as the OCC revises its contract prospectus,possible in April, the exchange said. Reuter&#3;