An overwhelming majority of Hughes ToolCo shareholders approved a merger agreement with BakerInternational Corp based on revised terms that allow thecompanies additional time to sell a drilling bit business asrequired by the U.S. Justice Department.     Hughes chairman William Kistler said the revised terms ofthe proposed consent decree also set a 10 mln dlr cap on howmuch funding the newly combined companies will have to spend onthe disputed drilling bit business until it is sold.    An earlier proposed consent decree did not establish afunding limit.    The Baker-Hughes merger, which would would create a 1.2billion dlr oilfield services company, almost fell throughearlier this month when Hughes balked at terms of a proposedJustice Department consent decree that would have given thecompanies only three months to find a buyer for the Reedbusiness.    Baker said today it would withdraw the one billion dlrlawsuit it had filed to force Hughes to follow through with themerger.    Hughes' Kistler, speaking to reporters after 85 pct ofHughes' shareholders approved the merger, said the revisedterms of the agreement give the companies six months to find abuyer for the Reed drilling bit business. The previousagreement had proposed a three-month period.    Kistler said the the government had also indicated it wouldconsider granting, if necessary, an additional three-monthextension to complete the sale.    He said there were "several people looking" at the domesticdrilling bit business.    The companies, Kistler said, have also decided tovoluntarily sell a Reed plant in Singapore.    Kistler estimated that the merger, which should becompleted in about two weeks, will result in annual costsavings of about 50 mln dlrs. He said he expects "substantialcutbacks" in the 20,000-member workforce at Baker-Hughes Inc,the name the merged company will take.    Kistler said the cost savings and greater efficienciesshould put the company on a profitable course. "We think thatin the third or fourth quarter after the merger we should seesomething close to breakeven," he said.    In the fourth quarter of 1986, Hughes earned 31.7 mln dlrson sales of 215.7 mln dlrs.    Baker, in its first fiscal quarter ended December 31, lost34.2 mln dlrs on revenues of 297.7 mln dlrs. Reuter&#3;