The Semiconductor IndustryAssociation said the February three-month average book-to-billratio was 1.13 pct, compared to a revised 1.12 pct in January.    The January figure was revised from the 1.11 pct reportedlast month.    In its monthly survey of U.S., European and Japanesesemiconductor makers, the association said average orders forFebruary totaled 788.2 mln dlrs, compared with 780.2 mln inJanuary and 684.3 mln in February a year ago.    A book-to-bill ratio of 1.13 means that for every 100 dlrsworth of product shipped, manufacturers received 113 dlrs worthof new orders.    The association said February shipments were 677.8 mlndlrs, up 4.9 pct from the 645.9 mln shipped during January andseven pct higher than the 633.5 mln reported in February a yearago.    Three month average billings for February totaled 699.4 mlndlrs, up 0.2 pct from January's 697.8 mln, the association alsosaid.    "The continuing improvement in the U.S. semiconductormarket reflects the fact that U.S. electronics equipmentmanufacturers' sales are finally increasing," SemiconductorIndustry Association president Andrew Procassini said.    The figures of the past few months suggest that theindustry is experiencing a gradual recovery that is likely tocontinue, said Edward White, semiconductor analyst at E.F.Hutton Group Inc.    But he also said semiconductor makers still need a pickupin capital spending within the high-technology sector beforeany dramatic upturn can take place.    The February figures show strong single-month improvementin the semiconductor industry, but after closer examinationthey may prove to be disappointing to investors, said MichaelGumport, an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.    "On the face of it these numbers are below recentexpectations," Gumport also said.    A 1.15 or higher book-to-bill ratio had been expected,Gumport said.    He also said the three month average book-to-bill ratio,which was reported earlier than expected, reflected a downwardrevision in the December order total, Gumport said.    December's order rate amounted to 757.5 mln dlrs, down fromthe earlier-reported 783.8 mln dlrs, the association said. Reuter&#3;