British companies are being largelyfrozen out of President Reagan's "Star Wars" project despiteearlier hopes of lucrative contracts from the research bonanza,according to a report by Members of Parliament (MPs).    Funding for the project, formally known as the StrategicDefence Initiative (SDI), has so far amounted to some 7.5billion dlrs, parliament's Defence Committee said.    But British contractors have won only 34 mln dlrs of this-- 20 mln dlrs on a government-to-government basis, with therest secured directly by U.K. Firms and institutions.    In December 1985, Britain and the United States signed aMemorandum of Understanding (MoU) relating to cooperativeresearch for the Strategic Defence Initiative.    At the time, hopes were expressed that U.K. Industrialparticipation would lead to significant spin-off of technology,both of other defence areas and to the civil sector.    But the all-party committee report said "the debate aboutthe merits of U.K. Participation in SDI has now to be conductedwithin a rather different context than was the case when theMoU was negotiated.... It has become evident that SDIparticipation may not be the great bonanza that some thought."    British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been one ofPresident Reagan's few staunch supporters on his plan todevelopment an anti-ballistic missile defence screen.    But government sources said she has become angry aboutbureaucratic barriers to British companies trying to break intothe lucrative American defence market generally -- a viewvoiced again today by her defence minister, George Younger.    He told a gathering here of British and Americanbusinessmen, "We in Europe greatly welcome the emphasis whichyou in the U.S. Have placed on cooperation and collaboration inthe defence equipment sphere."    He added, "But I do worry that the failure of important andinfluential individuals in Congress and elsewhere to realisethe true nature of the two-way street in terms of ideas,technology and equipment will lead to the erection ofartificial barriers."    "I am afraid that the danger signals are only too visible inthe form of both of the legislative proposals which seem toarise with ever increasing frequency on (Capitol) Hill, and ofnew regulations from the U.S. Administration," Younger said.    "The defence balance of trade with the U.K. and other alliesis still markedly in favour of the U.S."    Thatcher will visit Washington next month for talks withPresident Reagan. U.K. Government officials said she wouldprobably raise the subject of defence trade when they meet.    The report by Parliament's Defence Committee said that theBritish position towards SDI was based on four points agreedbetween Thatcher and Reagan in December 1984, they being that:    - The aim was not superiority, but to maintain balance    - SDI-related deploymewnt would be a matter for negotiation    - The overall aim is to enhance, not undercut, deterence    - East-West negotiation should aim to achieve security withreduced levels of offensive systems on both sides.    The committee in its report said, "we very much support thegovernment's view that SDI research should proceed only withinthe framework of the Camp David "four points" and in particularthat it should be in entire conformity with the provisions ofthe ABM (Anti-Ballistic Missile) Treaty."    "We note that all present and envisaged SDI work undertakenby UK contractors falls in the "narrow" interpretation of thetreaty, (and) we recommend that the government takes theappropriate steps to ensure that this continues to be the case."    That definition prohibits the U.S. And Soviet Union fromdeveloping, testing or deploying ABM systems, experts said.    That recommendation would of course change, it added, if "ithas become clear that the Soviet Union has taken the lead inrenouncing the constraints of the narrow interpretation."    Regarding possibilities for technology spin-offs, thecommittee report said that "the present predominance of "paperstudies" in SDI contracts awarded to British firms andinstitutions militates against any such achievement."    Reuter&#3;