Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD.AS> earningsfor 1986 from the U.S. Fell sharply because of difficult marketconditions, lower crude and gas prices and also due todifferent accounting methods, Shell chairman Peter Holmes said.    The Shell Oil dollar net income fell 47 pct in the year,while the additional effect of currency movements reduced thecontribution to group net income by 57 pct to 472 mln stg.    The group earlier reported a drop in net income for theyear to 2.54 billion stg from 3.03 billion previously, withlower crude prices outweighing the effect of increased sales byvolume.    Although the figures were lower, they were nonetheless atthe top end of market forecasts. Shell Transport and TradingPlc &lt;SC.L> shares, the U.K. Arm of the group, rose to 11.39 stgfrom a close last night of 11.06 stg. Analysts noted that ageneral collapse in exploration and production volumes waspartially offset by earnings from chemicals rising to 462 mlnstg from 205 mln in 1985.    Also, a windfall tax credit and lower than expectedcurrency losses had added about 100 mln stg onto fourth quarterresults, which was the main reason for the figures exceedingforecasts, industry analyst Chris Rowland of Barclays de ZoeteWedd noted.    However, he added there could well be a sharp fall inperformance in the first quarter of 1987, due to theimprobability that the group would be able to repeat the highrefining and marketing margins of first quarter 1986.    The impact of recovering oil prices would come throughfaster on the downstream side than on the upstream as such ahigh proportion of upstream activity centred on gas, whichtypically reacted to oil price changes with about a half-yearlag, analysts said.    Holmes said that in the upstream U.S. Sector the thirdquarter of 1986 had been the worst of all.    Only two of the oil majors had managed to make a profit inthe period, with Shell Oil being one of them. The decrease inU.S. Earnings had been accentuated by tax rates but the grouphad increased share to become volume market leader, Holmesadded.    Continued low crude oil prices would continue to subdueU.S. Exploration activity. "Exploration is currently prettyflat. We are going to go on, but at 16-18 dlrs there will be nomassive upturn," he said.    A renewal of exploration in high cost areas of the NorthSea and the U.S. Requires prices of around 25 dlrs a barrel.    Ultimately this would lead to a rise in U.S. Imports. "Ifyou are not exploring you are not going to find anything," henoted.    U.S. Oil production had dropped some half mln barrels a day(bbd) in 1986 and would continue to fall if the price stayedbelow 20 dlrs a barrel.    This favored OPEC's attempts to stabilise prices, as thelower the price the more likelihood there was of non-OPECmarginal production shutting down. "OPEC has done prettyextraordinarily well...Everything is moving in (its) direction,"he added. Reuter&#3;