&lt;Equiticorp Tasman Ltd> (ETL) said it willoffer 4.15 dlrs a share cash for all the issued capital ofMonier Ltd &lt;MNRA.S>, currently the subject of a 3.80 dlrs ashare bid by CSR Ltd &lt;CSRA.S>.    Alternatively, ETL will offer three shares plus 82 centscash for each Monier share, it said in a statement.    As previously reported, ETL moved into the market forMonier shares last week, taking its stake to 13.7 pct byFriday.    It now holds 14.99 pct, the maximum allowed without ForeignInvestment Review Board (FIRB) approval. ETL is classified asforeign because of its New Zealand base.    The ETL cash offer values Monier's issued capital of 156.28mln shares at 649 mln dlrs, against 593 mln for the CSR bid.    Based on the current price of ETL shares of 1.05 dlrs, thealternative is worth 3.97 dlrs per share, but ETL said thevalue placed on its shares for the offer aproximates to thediluted asset backing of ETL as at March 31.    ETL said the offer will have no minimum acceptanceconditions and will be subject to Australian foreign investmentand U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino anti-trust clearances.    ETL chairman Allan Hawkins said in the statement that theshareholding in Monier was a long term investment.    ETL and its &lt;Feltex International Ltd> associate havetargetted the building products sector as an area of expansionand Monier fits well with this aim, he added.    Monier chairman Bill Locke said in a separate statementthat the independent directors of Monier intend to recommendacceptance of the ETL bid in the absence of a higher bid.    He also said Monier will not now proceed with theone-for-two bonus issue announced with its interim results onMarch 19 in view of the proposed takeover bids.    As previously reported, the CSR offer involves a complexput and call option deal with Monier's major shareholder,Redland Plc &lt;RDLD.L>, which gives Redland the choice ofaccepting the CSR offer for its 49.8 pct stake or moving to50.1 pct within six months of the bid closing.    CSR officials have made it clear that they see Redlandtaking the second option, resulting in the two companiesrunning Monier as a joint venture.    CSR officials have also said they had no intention ofraising the company's bid for Monier after ETL's interventionbecame public last week. REUTER&#3;