Japan is seeking to prevent its computerchips dispute with the U.S. From erupting into a full-scaletrade war, government officials said.    "We hope that the dispute on this specific issue won't havean adverse effect on our overall relationship with the UnitedStates," a Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI)official said.     On Friday, Washington announced plans for as much as 300mln dlrs in tariffs on Japanese electronic goods for Tokyo'salleged failure to live up to a bilateral computer chip pact.    That agreement, reached last year after heatednegotiations, called on Japan to stop selling cut-price chipsin world markets and to buy more American-made semiconductors.    Foreign Ministry officials immediately tried to isolate thefall-out from the dispute by seeking to separate it from PrimeMinister Yasuhiro Nakasone's planned trip to Washington at theend of April.    While Japan has already done about all it can to make surethe chip pact is working, the government is studying measuresit can take in other fields to defuse American anger and ensurethe trip's success, they said.    "The perception of Japan in the (U.S.) Congress is very bad,"one official told Reuters. "We would very much like to dosomething to respond to that."    In an apparent effort to prevent the chip dispute fromspreading to other areas, MITI officials sought to depict theU.S. Action as a severe warning to Japanese semiconductormakers, not to the government.    Faced with a belligerent domestic chip industry and anangry American Congress, the Japanese government has beenforced to walk an increasingly fine line in the semiconductordispute, trade analysts said.    They said that it was an open secret that Japan's largestchip maker, NEC Corp, was not happy with what it viewed as thedraconian measures MITI was taking to implement the pact,included enforced production cuts.    The angry response of Japanese chip makers yesterday to theannouncement of the U.S. Tariffs highlighted the difficultiesthe government faces in taking further action.    "Japanese semiconductor manufacturers have complied with theU.S./Japan agreement," said Shoichi Saba, Chairman of theElectronic Industries Association of Japan.    He accused the U.S. of being "irrational." He said the U.S.action had made the bilateral chip pact "meaningless."    Saba's comments contrasted with those of Prime MinisterYasuhiro Nakasone, who said Tokyo wanted to solve the disputethrough consultations.    Japan is expected to send a high-level official toWashington early next month to try to convince the U.S. Not togo ahead with the tariffs on April 17.    Trade analysts say Tokyo is likely to outline industryplans to step up purchases of U.S. chips and to propose a jointinvestigation into U.S. allegations of chip dumping. Reuter&#3;