British corporate affairs minister MichaelHoward told Japan to resolve the row over the U.K. Firm Cableand Wireless Plc's &lt;CAWL.L> shareholding in a new Japanesetelecommunications company or face an abrupt deterioration intrade relations.    In meetings with both the foreign and telecommunicationsministers Howard said he expressed deep concern about the wayTokyo had handled the dispute and about the continuing tradeimbalance between the two countries.    "I put it to the (post and telecommunications) minister thatI was sure he did not want to be responsible for an abruptdeterioration in the trading relations of our countries whichwould have widespread reverberations elsewhere in the world,"Howard told reporters.    "He listened very carefully and I have little doubt themessage got home," he added.    British frustration over the lopsided trade balance -nearly six billion dlrs in Japan's favour last year - hasreached boiling point over the telecommunications issue, Howardsaid.    Howard has accused Japan of trying to shut out Cable andWireless from having a major role in the internationaltelephone market in Japan.    "I want a fair crack of the whip for Cable and Wireless as Iwant a fair crack of the whip for Britain generally in tradingrelations," Howard said. "We simply aren't prepared to continueto accept the imbalance which has been the position for such along time."    Post and Telecommunications Ministry officials were unableto comment on Howard's meeting with their minister.    But Foreign Ministry officials said Foreign MinisterTadashi Kuranari said that British exports to Japan areincreasing, but acknowledged the continuing imbalance in trade.    Kuranari said he wants everyone in the telecommunicationsdispute, including Cable and Wireless, to be satisfied.    Howard told reporters that Britain was actively consideringpossible retaliatory measures if it did not get its way on thetelecommunications issue.    "There are measures which are under consideration if wecontinue to suffer from the imbalance in our trading relations,"he added, but gave no details.    He said he had received a reassuring response from theJapanese he has spoken with.    "But of course we've had reassuring signs from the Japanesefor quite some time," he added. "What I've made plain is weexpect to see action."    Howard ruled out using powers in Britain's FinancialServices bill to retaliate against unfair trade practices.Those powers, which allow London to ban foreign financial firmslike banks from Britain, are designed to ensure U.K. Firmsequal access to overseas financial markets. REUTER&#3;