Sudan has rejected a demand by theInternational Monetary Fund for a currency devaluation becausesuch a move would have a negative impact on its economy, theofficial Sudan News Agency (SUNA) reported.    Finance Minister Beshir Omer, quoted by SUNA, said hisgovernment also rejected an IMF demand to lift state subsidieson basic consumer goods.    SUNA, monitored by the British Broadcasting Corporation,said Omer made the remarks after a meeting in Khartoumyesterday with IMF envoy Abdel-Shakour Shaalan.    Sudan, burdened by a foreign debt of 10.6 billion dlrs, issome 500 mln dlrs in arrears to the IMF, which declared itineligible for fresh loans in February last year.    In February 1985, Sudan announced a 48 pct devaluation ofits pound against the dollar, adjusting the official exchangerate to 2.5 pounds to the U.S. Currency.    Since then, it has resisted pressure from main creditorsfor more currency adjustments, arguing that past devaluationshad failed to boost exports but raised local consumer prices.Sudan also has an incentive rate of four pounds to the dollarfor foreign visitors and remittances by expatriate workers.    Dealers in Khartoum's thriving black market said the dollarwas sold at 5.5 pounds today.    With stringent import regulations and the governmentincreasingly short of foreign currency, black market dollarsare used to finance smuggled imports from neighbouringcountries, mainly Egypt, Kenya, Ethiopia and Zaire.    Western diplomats in Khartoum say the meetings between IMFand Sudanese government officials do not amount to formaltalks, but rather an effort by the IMF to monitor Sudan'seconomic performance.    The diplomats said Sudan hoped a planned four-year economicrecovery program would be acceptable to the IMF as a seriousattempt to tackle the country's economic troubles and persuadeits Gulf Arab creditors to pay the IMF arrears.    This, they said, could provide Sudan with a clean bill ofhealth from the IMF that it could take to Western governmentcreditors, grouped informally in the so-called Paris Club, toreschedule debt payments.    Twenty-three pct of Sudan's total foreign debt is owed tomembers of the Paris Club, the diplomats said.    Sudan's Finance Minister said last month the country's IMFrepresentative had told him the fund's executive board was "verypleased with the 18.5 mln dlrs arrears we have paid in the pastcouple of months."    The representative, Omer Said, said IMF Managing DirectorMichel Camdessus said he would ask Saudi Arabia, to which Sudanowes about 1.4 billion dlrs, to help Khartoum to pay more.    Sudan has an annual debt liability of nearly 900 mln dlrsbut set aside only some 200 mln dlrs to service debts in thefiscal year ending next June 30. REUTER&#3;