The market in floating rate notes showedno clear signs of recovery today from the confusion which sentprices tumbling and paralysed trading at the end of last week,dealers and bank officials said.    FRN dealers said at least 10 houses did not open forbusiness with many market operators pausing to assess theirnext steps in the wake of Friday's huge drops and panictrading.    Despite some late signs that prices were recovering lastweek, today's erratic trade provided a similarly mixed finalpicture with longer-dated FRNs still clearly under pressure.    While FRN specialists noted that paper on which coupons areshortly due to be refixed had managed to hold up today, as hadnotes paying a relatively higher margin, longer term FRNs werestill subject to intense selling pressure.    "Anything longer than 10 years is still being sold offseriously, as is just about any paper in the banking sector,"one FRN market source at a leading U.S. House said.    He noted that one long-dated Citicorp issue -- paper whichhas suffered recently on fears over Latin American debtexposure -- slipped by two points to around 94.00. FRNs, whosecoupons are refixed regularly, usually trade around par.    U.S. And Canadian bank paper was still generally underpressure, as was Republic of Ireland paper, due to renewedworries about the Irish economic situation.    The malaise was felt through the banking sector with a twopoint fall registered by one BNP note, to give a three pointdrop over two trading days.    Retail clients, usually seen returning to the market asprice falls push yield margins up to these attractive levels,have been unnerved by the last three days' panic, dealers said.    "Yes, there's been some bargain hunting, but no one dares tobe first to come seriously back in," said one dealer.    "A handful of market giants have frightened the retail awaywith this aggressive manipulation. As true liquidity drains, weare going to have to see some better market cooperation andrationalisation," commented one FRN trader now dealing withstraight bond issues since the floater market crisis.    This view was shared by the majority of FRN market sourcespolled by Reuters since trade began to collapse last week.    Of the 50 or so houses who have up until now made a marketin floaters, dealers estimated that around a dozen did notquote FRN prices today and they reported that one or two houseswere not expected to resume trade in the securities at all.    Many called meetings to assess the current marketsituation.    "Given the potential volatility of this market -- one whichhas been conclusively proved by the events of the last days --senior management are now duty bound to revise the set ofparameters within which they, as market makers, are now towork," commented one senior source at a leading U.K. Investmenthouse.    However, there were no reports that a formal crisis meetingof market makers -- such as that called in December last yearduring the perpetual FRN market collapse -- was on the cards.    Several firms were expected to cut back drastically on thelist of FRNs traded, with most volatile paper first to go.    Elsewhere in the eurobond market, business was extremelyquiet, with virtually no activity seen in the dollar straightsector which has been becalmed of late, traders said.    "There has been no real two-way business today, neither hasthere been any new issues for diversion," noted one trader.    "All we have seen today is some squaring up of positions,"she added. Investors remain cautious of the dollar, whichthough recently stable, still has potential downside risk.    Eurosterling, the market sector which, aside from the FRNs,has been in the headlines lately, was quiet today ahead of theU.K. Government budget due to be announced tomorrow.    Undertone was very firm with dealers expecting a positivefiscal package tomorrow and, if not more good economic news toboost sterling, at least confirmation of the bull factors whichhave bolstered eurosterling and gilt-edged bonds lately.    "It was just sit and wait today but I expect it will be fullsteam ahead on Wednesday," commented one sterling market source.    Prices showed gains to 1/8 to 3/8 point across the board.    Dealers said several new eurosterling issues were currentlyin the pipeline and an early issue is expected to be for amajor European bank which currently has a mandate in themarket.    In other sectors, euroyen also maintained its firm tone.    Although the market is expected to be resting until tradingswitches to an April value date, the euroyen sector is expectedto be buoyed by some professional switching out of Japanesegovernment bonds into relatively cheaper euroyen bonds.    Two new yen issues were features on an otherwise quietprimary market. Both for 15 billion yen due 1992, the first forEksportfinans was at five pct and 103 pct, led by MitsubishiFinance International. The second for Export Development Corpat 4-1/2 pct and 101-7/8 pct led by Bank of TokyoInternational.    The day's only other feature was a targetted 30 mln dlrstepped coupon deal for Kawasaki Steel due 1994. REUTER&#3;