The monetary authorities of the majorindustrialised countries lost their credibility this week asthe dollar was sold off despite pleas from ministers andwidespread central bank intervention, dealers said.    The dollar's fall below 150 yen, which follows last month'sParis currency stabilisation agreement by the U.S., Japan, WestGermany, Britain, France and Canada, is a dramatic reversal ofthe success of the Group of Five (G-5) 1985 New York Plazameeting to weaken the dollar, they said.    The G-5 and the market agreed in 1985 that the dollar wasovervalued but this time the market and the authorities are ondifferent sides, dealers said.    Apparent confusion in the ranks of the G-5 nations hasencouraged the market to challenge the authorities despiteconcerted intervention by the central banks of the UnitedStates, Japan, Britain and West Germany, they said.    Pleas by Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa foraction to stabilise the dollar were matched over the weekend bycomments by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker that there wasno target zone for the dollar. The dollar was sold anyway.    Yesterday's comment by Baker that he stood by the Parisaccord did nothing to reverse sentiment, dealers said.    The intervention, backed by remarks by Fed Chairman PaulVolcker and Japanese central bank governor Satoshi Sumita,which a few months ago would have brought the dollar fall to ahalt, has done little but slow the rate of its decline, theynoted.    The situation has again raised the question of whetherintervention can succeed against the trend in today's hugecurrency markets. Dealers said the market's cool response tointervention reflected a basic oversupply of dollars.    "This means that the current dollar selling is not of asheer speculative nature but backed by real demand," said KoichiMiyazaki, deputy general manager at Sanwa Bank.    Dealers said the dollar will remain weak despite theintervention and it is only a matter of time before someoperators try to push it below 148 yen. The dollar closed inTokyo today at 149.40 against New York's 149.30/40. Its recordlow was 148.40 in Tokyo last Tuesday.    Dealers said the dollar will gain only temporary support torise above 150 yen toward early April when the Group of Sevenindustrial nations meets to discuss currencies again.    The market expects the seven nations (the Paris six plusItaly) to try to agree on another way to stabilise currenciesapart from intervention, a chief dealer at a U.S. Bank said.    Dealers said they were unsure what other methods could beused and they are sceptical anyway about how long the Parisaccord nations, particulary the U.S., Will remain willing toprevent a further dollar fall given the continuing high U.S.Trade deficit, especially with Japan.    Further pressure from a protectionist U.S. Congress for alower dollar is also limiting Washington's options, they said.    The market now thinks the central bank action is to slowthe dollar fall, not to push it back over 150 yen, saidTadahiko Nashimoto, manager at Long Term Credit Bank of Japan.    Another bearish factor for the dollar is expected largeforward dollar sales from April to June for export billsfalling due for Japanese exporters from April to September.    The exporters had delayed in expectation of a further yendepreciation, dealers said.    Yesterday's request to 30 trading houses by the Ministry ofInternational Trade and Industry to restrict dollar sales looksineffective in light of this real demand, they said.    The market is also anticipating active institutional dollarsales to hedge currency risks on bond holdings from the newbusiness year starting April 1, dealers said.    "The market seems to have established a new dollar tradingrange between 147 and 149 yen," one dealer said.    The dollar traded between 151 and 153 yen after the Parisaccord on February 22 and 150 yen was then considered the lowend for the dollar against the yen, he said.    Some dealers now believe that if the dollar falls below 148yen, it will pick up renewed downward momentum and slide to145. REUTER&#3;