The Peruvian government's freeze on silversales, which has contributed to a sharp boost in the metal'sprice, could draw retaliation by rich nations and big tradersseeking lower prices, President Alan Garcia said.    Peru, the world's second biggest silver producer, stoppedselling its refined silver and state-marketed ore on tuesday.Since then, the metal's price has risen to its highest level innearly three years. It closed today at over nine dlrs an ounceon world markets.    Garcia said the move showed that a small nation like Perucould move international markets and did not have to acceptcheap prices for silver, traditionally one of the top revenueearners of the country.    Peru exported its refined silver last year at an averageprice of 5.40 dlrs a troy ounce. As recently as one month ago,silver bullion was trading for about 5.70 dlrs an ounce onworld markets.    "One thing is that Peru, which produces silver, sells itsilently and in a submissive manner at the price world marketswant," he told reporters at the presidential palace.    "The other is that a nationalist government says, 'wait amoment I can't sell silver at these prices,'" he added.    The peruvian energy and mines minister, Wilfredo Huayta,said the government would maintain its freeze on new sales ofsilver until the price of the metal reaches "the true value thisraw material should have." He did not specify this level.    Garcia said rich nations and big traders, faced with Peru'sstance, could try to defend themselves.    "They have some stocks, they have silver deposits, they canmake fictitious sales and that way try to make the price of ourmineral fall in the world market," Garcia said.    "Whatever manoeuvre they take will be answered by Peru," hesaid. "Peru is in a position of action."    President Garcia had recently spoken by telephone withMexican President Miguel de la Madrid, Huayta said. Mexico isthe world's biggest producer of silver.    Mexico and Peru together produce nearly nearly 40 pct ofthe world's silver, the official newspaper El Peruano said.    The newspaper added that Peruvian central bank presidentLeonel Figueroa and the head of the central bank of Mexico,Miguel Mancera Aguayo, met in Mexico City yesterday tocoordinate actions aimed at consolidating the upward trend ofthe price of the metal.    Analysts in Zurich, a major silver trading centre, saidtoday the rally in silver prices was also fuelled by investorsbuying the metal to protect themselves against inflation, whichthey fear could be rekindled by the dollar's weakness.    On an historical basis, silver is still relatively cheapcompared to gold, which some investors believe could set thestage for further rises, they said. Reuter&#3;