With the April 15 tax return deadlineless than a month away, confused taxpayers will be convergingon H and R Block Inc's offices to interpret the new tax codes.    Financial results for the nation's largest tax preparer areexpected to be good in fiscal 1987 but next year could be a"bonanza," analysts say.    "For the short term the key word is confusion, Block VicePresident Tom Bloch said in an interview. "When Congressdrastically changes laws, confusion results and tax preparersbenefit," Bloch said.    "Next year, when taxpayers take the new forms and placethem side by side to compare them, more people will throw theirhands up and say 'I'm going to get help,'" he said."Tax forms will look very different next year," he added.    Kidder Peabody analyst Herbert Buchbinder expects Block'sfiscal 1987 year (to end April 30) to show good gains overfiscal 1986 earnings of 60.1 mln dlrs or 2.41 dlrs a share onrevenues of 606.7 mln dlrs. He estimates Block's fiscal 1987earnings at 2.75 to 2.80 dlrs.    "Next year, Block could have a bonanza," Buchbinder said.Based on estimates of a larger work force, Block could show again of more than five pct in tax forms prepared, he said. Inthe 1986 tax season, Block prepared 9,215,300 U.S. tax returns,up 1.5 pct over the previous year.    The Internal Revenue Service estimates about 100 mlnindividual income tax returns will be filed for the 1987 taxseason, up from last year's 94 mln forms. Professional taxpreparers accounted for just over 43 million forms, accordingto the IRS.    For the longer term, while confusion will continue to bringclients into Block's 8,866 tax preparation offices worldwide,there are some changes in the act that will have a negativeeffect, Bloch conceded.    Certain changes in filing requirements will shorten the taxreturn, and in some cases, simplify the form, he noted. Inaddition, some low income wage earners will be taken off thetax rolls, he said.    Block is currently analyzing its price structure to try tooffset some of the negatives. Last tax season, the average costfor each return in the U.S. amounted to 48.05 dlrs and 45.73dlrs worldwide, Bloch said. This tax season, rates will be upabout three or four pct, in line with the inflation rate, hesaid.    Block expects "some expansion" this tax season of itselectronic filing system which directly feeds into the IRS andcan speed up the refund process. Block can choose where and byhow much it wants to expand into the seven cities madeavailable for the direct filing by the IRS, Bloch noted.    The IRS estimates about 90,000 returns will be directlyfiled this tax season, up from the 26,000 returns injected inthe 1986 tax season.    First Kansas City analyst Jonathan Braatz said that Blockwill benefit greatly from lower tax rates in fiscal 1988.    Braatz expects Block's advertising budget to be about thesame as last year which will be helped a bit by lower costs fortelevision ads. "They may get a little more bang for theirbuck," he said.    He estimates Block has about 150 mln dlrs cash on itsbalance sheet sheet, and says if interest rates rise it couldbe of great benefit to them. Reuter&#3;