The Securities and ExchangeCommission reminded corporate raiders and others tendering forthe shares of companies that they must extend the period theiroffers are open if key conditions are changed.    Specifically, the agency said those making tender offersfor companies' stock must extend the offers if they decide toeliminate conditions requiring a minimum number of shares to betendered in order for the offers to be valid.    Tender offers typically include minimum share conditions.As a result, a purchaser would not be bound to buy the sharesthat were tendered if the minimum level were not reached.    In an interpretation of current rules, which officials saidclarifies the SEC's present position, the agency said a tenderoffer must be extended if a minimum share condition is waived,even if the purchaser reserved the right to do so.    The interpretation makes clear that waiving a minimum sharecondition is a "material change" of the tender offer under U.S.securities law, SEC officials said.    The SEC has already said that other specific materialchanges, such as changes in the percentage of securities beingsought or the price being offered, made during the course of atender offer require a 10-day extension of the offer.    The length of the extension, which is aimed at givingshareholders an adequate chance to assess revisions of a tenderoffer, was not specified in cases where the minimum shareconditions were waived.    SEC officials said the length of the extension in suchcases would depend on the facts and circumstances surroundingeach case, but would generally be between five and 10 days.    The agency cited two recent tender offers in which waiversof a minimum share conditios were tried on the last day of eachoffer, denying shareholders the chance to react to the newinformation. Officials declined to identify the two offers.    "If a bidder makes a material change near or at the end ofits offer, it will have to extend the offer to permit adequatedissemination," the SEC said.    Federal securities law requires that all tender offersremain open for at least 20 business days. Reuter&#3;