Senior U.S. bankers are seeking tocalm the furore in the Philippines caused by the terms ofArgentina's new financing package, but a source in New Yorkclose to the Manila government said finance minister JaimeOngpin is in no mood for compromise.    Ongpin is angry because the banks granted Argentina aninterest rate spread of 13/16 pct, the same as Mexico won, justweeks after telling the Philippines that it must accept 7/8 pctbecause the Mexican margin could never be repeated.    Bankers acknowledged the political sensitivity of theinterest spread but urged Ongpin to examine the Argentinepackage in its entirety.    Argentina, for instance, is offering banks a 3/8 pctparticipation fee if they sign up for the deal within 30 days(declining to 1/8 pct if banks commit within 60 days), whichboosts the all-in interest rate it is paying on the package.    "You can make the case that the deal is not 13/16 pct," onebanker said. Another, referring to the Philippine debtnegotiators, said "The only reason they'd have to come back toNew York is political, not economic."    Ongpin has said as much himself, estimating that an extra1/16 percentage point would cost just 5.1 mln dlrs a year.    But the source close to the Philippines said Ongpin's angergoes beyond the dollars. He said the minister feels personallybetrayed by bankers who insisted Mexico's 13/16 pct was arock-bottom spread that could not be duplicated. Top U.S.Treasury and Federal Reserve officials had said the same.    The source said Ongpin is unlikely to come to the U.S. topress his case and was expecting the Philippines' bank advisorycommittee, headed by Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co, tonegotiate the spread reduction by telex.    Ongpin has not said the Philippines will unilaterally startpaying interest at the lower rate but has made it clear to thecommittee in a telex that he is not prepared to pay more thanMexico and Argentina, the source said.    "The Philippines really means business on this. I don'tthink there's much room for compromise," he said.    Manufacturers Hanover declined to comment on the issue.    The Philippines last month won an agreement to reschedule10.3 billion dlrs of debt over 17 years at an interest rate of7/8 pct, whereas some 30 billion dlrs in old Argentine debtwill be stretched out over 19 years with a spread of 13/16 pct.    Bankers said they were forced to break their word becausepolitical circumstances had changed in the past few weeks.    In particular, they said it had become clear that Argentinawas serious about its threat to suspend interest paymentsunless it got a good deal. Fearing that an Argentine moratoriumwould stiffen the resolve of its neighbour Brazil, which hasalready suspended payments, the banks, at the urging of theReagan Administration, bowed to Argentina's demands.    Some U.S. bankers argued that, regardless of politics, therich menu of options in the Argentine package makes itattractive enough to justify a 13/16 pct rescheduling rate.    "When they (the Philippines) see the whole package, theymay realize that this is not a Mexican deal," one banker saidof the Argentine agreement.    The Argentine pact contains several features that were notin the Mexican accord such as "exit bonds," an option toprovide new money via bearer bonds, a trade facility, onlendingprovisions and a debt-equity conversion scheme.    Moreover, Argentina is requesting only 1.95 billion dlrs innew loans, compared with Mexico's 7.7 billion, and is paying7/8 pct for most of the money instead of the 13/16 pct chargedto Mexico.    This line of argument cuts no ice with the Filipinos, whonote drily that they asked for no new money at all.    "The banks reacted on the level of politics to Argentinaand try to justify it in terms of economics, and now they'regoing to have problems with both the Philippines andVenezuela," said the source close to the Manila government.    Because of the Easter holidays bankers have not yet got anofficial reaction from Venezuela, which is also paying 7/8 pcton its 20.2 billion dlr rescheduling. But they acknowledgedthat Caracas, which was also told that the Mexico spread wasinviolate, is quite likely to demand a lower spread.    Bankers were more sanguine in the case of Chile.    Because it is under fire for its human-rights record, thegovernment of General Augusto Pinochet is unlikely to attractattention to itself by seeking to renegotiate its recent debtpackage, which carries interest of one pct, bankers said.    They hope that, once tempers cool, the Philippines willalso accept that reopening an agreement that took 4-1/2 toughmonths to negotiate will be more trouble than it is worth. Reuter&#3;