Thailand's improving economy may havehelped its trade and finance position but it has also createdmajor problems for local banks, Thai and foreign bankers said.    They said a 900 mln dlr saving from cheaper imported oiland 19.7 pct export growth last year contributed to thecountry's first current account surplus in 20 years.    But the bright picture, together with a government programto help farmers cope with depressed commodity prices, coincideswith sluggish investment by a private sector still feeling thelingering effects of the 1984-86 recession.    Thai banks have had growing surplus funds and difficultiesfinding borrowers since the third quarter of 1986.    Kunthon Narkprom, head of the budget and planning divisionof Thai Farmers Bank Ltd, estimated excess liquidity in bankspeaked last month at 60 billion baht, three times what heconsidered normal. Bank of Thailand figures show total depositsin 1986 grew 12.7 pct to 627.7 billion baht, while lending roseonly 3.4 pct to 548.6 billion.    The lending/deposit ratio, which measures bank loans as apercentage of deposits, fell to 86.6 pct last month, the lowestsince the 1970s, after averaging 96.6 pct in 1985.    Thai banks have cut lending and deposit rates a record sixtimes since January 1986, during which time the average minimumloan rate fell to 11.5 pct from 15.5 and the gross one-yearfixed deposit rate to 7.25 pct from 11.    Five banks announced last week they would cut their maximumlending rates to small borrowers by one percentage point to 14pct.    Kunthon of Thai Farmers estimated banks now have a combined80 billion baht unused overdraft line as many small andmedium-size companies delay borrowing in anticipation of morecuts in interest rates.    The record liquidity has seriously hurt the profits ofbanks, which have been forced to invest idle funds in low-yieldgovernment securities.    Kunthon said the banks hold four to 10 billion baht inshort-term government bonds bought through the Bank ofThailand's bond repurchase facility, double the normal amount.    Thailand's 16 local commercial banks registered one oftheir worst years in 1986, with overall profits falling over 30pct after a 14 pct decline in 1985.    Kunthon said profits should increase 10 pct this year asthe banks adjust to the new interest rate structure.    Olarn Chaipravat, senior executive vice president of SiamCommercial Bank Ltd, told reporters last week the liquidityproblem stems partly from the fact most loan demands come frombusinesses seeking funds for small, labour-intensive projects.    He said there are few large, capital-intensive projects andmany borrowers go offshore to meet their requirements.    Somboon Chinsavananond, Thai Farmers' fund managementexecutive, said liquidity has been aggravated by the centralbank's policy of fixing a stable baht-dollar exchange ratewhich permits Thai companies to import dollar-denominated fundswith a minimal risk of currency exchange losses.    He said underlying bearishness towards the U.S. Dollar hasencouraged foreign borrowers who hope to pay less on loanprincipal when their loans mature.    Thai bankers said central bank governor Kamchorn Sathirakullast month rejected a request to increase a 10 pct withholdingtax on interest on foreign loans, a measure they said wouldreduce foreign borrowings. The governor replied the bankersshould extend more loans to rural areas instead.    Bankers said some Thai banks have offered credit-worthyclients loans at near money market rates of seven to eight pctin a bid to compete with foreign funds.    A market analyst at Siam Commercial Bank said bank lendingat such rates amount to about 15 pct of all loans extended bythe industry.    A foreign banker, who requested anonymity, said the"segmented market approach" used by Thai banks for settingdifferent lending rates has caused dislocation of funds in thefinancial sector, eroded bank profits and prevented banks fromtaking a more logical move of further cutting interest rates.    He said the liquidity problem gives the Bank of Thailand aperfect opportunity to assert more control on the Thai moneymarket.    The Bank of Thailand is taking "a step in the rightdirection" by planning to float three billion baht in bonds tomop up part of the surplus, he said, but he added the bank hasbeen lax in using its bond repurchase window as a tool toabsorb or inject liquidity into the market.    William Wu, head of the Treasury Unit of Chase ManhattanBank N.A., Said the money market lacks the instruments toabsorb liquidity and avoid sharp interest rate fluctuations.    He said the liquidity has fuelled the stock market'sstrongest rally in seven years and Thailand should seize theopportunity to develop the corporate bond market. REUTER&#3;