The highly visible drama involving theyen's sharp rise against the U.S. Dollar is obscuring the factthat the Japanese currency has hardly budged against majorEuropean currencies, thus creating a new set of exchange ratedistortions, Japanese and European research officials said.    The officials, looking beneath the rhetoric of statementsby the Group of Five (G-5) industrial nations, told Reuters thecurrency movements of the past two years are also creating afundamentally new world trade picture, which is throwing up newtrade tensions and imbalances.    Trade figures show that the new currency alignments arealready changing the Japan-U.S. Trade axis into a Japan-European Community (EC) axis, to the discomfort of Europe.    In many ways, not least in terms of rare internationalcooperation, the September, 1985 New York Plaza pact betweenthe U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain and France to cut downthe value of the dollar was a historic one.    But it is the underlying peaks and troughs of the majorcurrency movements which lay bare the real picture, in whichthe Plaza pact appears as an event of prime importance, but notnecessarily central significance, the officials said.    The officials said that when the Plaza agreement tookplace, the dollar was already on its way down. The agreementsimply helped it on its way. Senior EC financial expert inTokyo Tomas de Hora has watched the movements closely.    "You have to look at the dollar's peak compared with now,and that was well before Plaza," he said.    On February 25, 1985, the dollar peaked against the yen at263.15 yen. On September 20, the Friday before Plaza, it was242. Since then, despite massive Bank of Japan intervention andperiodic market frights about further G-5 concerted action, thedollar trend has been down, down, down.    Yet the ECU is now around 173.4 yen. The historical crossrates for sterling and the mark tell much the same story. TheEuropean currencies are moving back up against the yen.    The close relationship between exchange rates and tradeflows makes it difficult to see which is driving which, butundoubtedly the trade equation between the big three ischanging. In 1986, Japanese imports and exports with the ECboth grew by around 50 pct in dollar terms, five pct in yen.This gave Japan a 16 billion dlr trade surplus.    Last January, Japanese exports to the EC totalled half ofof sales to the U.S, against about a third in recent years.    Trade with the U.S in 1986 rose 23 pct for exports and 12pct for imports in dollar terms, but fell 13 pct for exportsand 21 pct for imports in yen terms.    "The basic meaning for Europe is that Japanese firms have atremendous interest in exporting to Europe, where every unitsold maximises profits in yen terms, which is what is importantto them. Suddenly, instead of the U.S., It is Europe that islaying the golden egg," said de Hora.    The EC is worried. EC business also had a remarkable yearin Japanese sales, but this can be explained partly due to itsstart from a small base, compared with total Japan-U.S. Trade.    The Japanese think EC firms are now more competitive thanU.S. Firms, a factor which is aggravating the exchange rateimbalance, and which will cause problems.    "This currency alignment between Japan and the EC isreflecting the excellent performance of the EC countries. Buttherefore, Japanese goods may keep their price competitiveedge," said Azusa Hayashi, Director of the First InternationalEconomic Affairs Division of the Foreign Ministry. "If you wantmy objective view, I don't expect a drastic improvement in ourtrade imbalance. Last year, we asked for moderation in exports,and this year we may have to do so again," he said. REUTER...&#3;