Many Florida investors are old enough tohave seen it all before -- they lived through the Crash of '29and Monday's stock market debacle was just another day forsome.    "I don't sell," declared one elderly investor, who said hehad more than one mln dlrs in stocks. "Whatever goes down isbound to come back up."    The uniqueness of south Florida investors was easy to seein brokerage offices around Miami, where the average age of thecrowds watching the Big Board quotations flash by on Tuesdaywas retirement and beyond.       "I don't know of any demographic studies, but we certainlyhave the highest number of elderly active investors," saidMarshall Moore, a vice president of AmeriFirst SecuritiesCorporation in Miami.    He worries that Monday's record loss of more than 500points on the New York Stock Exchange will scare many people,particularly those on fixed incomes, out of the market forever.    "They will not be in stocks any longer," he said. "When youstart getting heart palpitations and sweaty palms you have toget out and stay out except for maybe utilities and someincome-oriented issues."       Across the state on the Gulf coast where there are heavyconcentrations of retired persons, Robert Lee of InvestmentManagement and Research Incorporated said there were "a lot ofserious losses out there."    Retirees account for 90 per cent of his firm's business andcould take comfort in the fact that its professional managerstook their money out of the market last month. "But for thosewho were buying in on the recent  upswing, this is devastating,"he said.       Miami Beach broker George Fox, most of whose clients areover 60, worries that many are not taking the situationseriously enough. Those who depend on their market earningsshould be a lot more concerned, he said. "I am scared because Ithink this could become very serious."    One 93-year-old investor said the market was bound to fallsharply, "I just didn't think it would happen so soon." Sheremembered '29 and said she remained stingy to this day as aresult. "I still find it hard to spend money." Reuter&#3;