Latin America urgently needs more moneyif it is to grow its way out of its deepening debt crisis, butfresh ideas about how to stimulate new lending quickly seem tobe in short supply.    Bankers, officials and academics at a conference organizedby the Massachusetts Institute of Technology stressed theimportance of proper economic policies and increased privateinvestment. But they offered no glimpse of a grand design tobanish the specter of a widespread repudiation of the region's380 billion dlr debt. "Such a solution is still not in sight,"said Nobel Prize-winning economist Franco Modigliani.    The conference was held against the background of therecent suspension of interest payments by Brazil and Ecuador,but it was Argentine finance secretary Mario Brodersohn whospelled out most clearly the social and economic strains causedby the need to service billions of dlrs of debt.    Brodersohn, who is negotiating currently with foreign banksfor a 2.15 billion dlr loan for 1987, says Argentina will haveto grow at a four pct annual rate between now and 1992 simplyto restore per capita income to the level of 1975.    He said the investment needed to fuel this growth can comepartly from structural economic reforms at home, but this alonewill not be enough.    "We have to reduce the transfer of resources," Brodersohnsaid, adding that mounting economic strains in Latin Americamake this a matter of urgency.    Brodersohn and other Latin officials, however, did notspell out how this should be achieved.    The creditors' strategy, spelled out by U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker in October 1985, is to spur additionallending by private banks and multilateral development banks inreturn for economic reforms.    But there was a widespread recognition at the conferencethat the Baker Plan has fallen well short of expectations.    Miguel Urrutia, a senior official of the Inter-AmericanDevelopment Bank, for instance, said IADB lending had actuallydeclined in 1986 and had started slowly in 1987.    Mexico is due to sign a 7.7 billion dlr loan on Friday thatwill be the first major facility under the Baker Plan, whichcalled for net new bank lending between 1986 and 1988, a targetthat Morris Goldstein of the International Monetary Fund saidis now optimistic.    Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-AmericanAffairs Paul Taylor acknowledged that the Baker Plan "has notyet succeeded as well as we hoped."    But if the debtors at the conference were hoping to hear anofficial commitment to try a new tack, they must have beendisappoiunted.    Ted Truman, director of the International Finance Diviisionat the Federal Reserve Board, said banks were short-sighted innot lending promptly and in the amounts called for by Baker.    He said some streamlining of the lending process may beneeded, but added, "I see no alterantive to the present courseof responsible cooperation."    A major theme at the conference, however, was that theworld economy might not continue to cooperate while the debtorsand creditors muddle along. If export markets dry up because ofrecession or protectionism, speakers warned, Latin America willbe even more hard-pressed to service its debts.    Rimmer de Vries, chief international economist at MorganGuaranty Trust Co, said he was very concerned that worldeconomic growth of three to 3-1/2 pct cannot be sustained andthat West Germany and Japan wowuld not take up the slack in theworld economy that will arise as the U.S. narrows its tradedeficit.    "There's a deflationary force coming down the mountain, andI don't know who's going to be rolled over," de Vries said. Hecalled for a new lending initiative with a wide menu of optionsas alternatives to pure new money.    "Can we not manage this lending a bit more imaginatively?"he asked the conference.    But new ideas take time to devise and implement, andBrazil's suspension of interest payments shows that theaptience of debtors might be wearing thin.    Persio Arida, a former director of the Brazizlian centralbank who was a key architect of that country's Cruzado plan tocurb inflation, said there is an "incentive problem" throughoutLatin America. Reuter&#3;