Singapore's Finance Minister RichardHu is expected to announce a neutral budget tomorrow with nomajor tax changes for the 1987/88 year starting April 1,bankers and economists told Reuters.    They said with real growth at an estimated 1.9 pct incalendar 1986, indicating signs of recovery from the 1.7 pctshrinkage in 1985, the government was likely to hold its courseand wait for measures introduced in last year's budget to work.    Last March Hu cut corporation tax to 33 pct from 40 pct,and income tax was reduced by the same margin.    Last year the government also reduced wage costs byintroducing a wage freeze and cutting employer contributions tothe mandatory state savings scheme, the Central Provident Fund(CPF), to 15 pct of salaries from 25 pct.    "I don't foresee any new or additional stimulus because theeconomy is now improving," said Clemente Escano, vice presidentof the Union Bank of Switzerland.    The government's economic report for calendar 1986, issuedlast week, said the CPF reduction and other cost-cuttingmeasures only started to bite in the third quarter of 1986.    But the report said over half the economy -- especially thecommerce, financial, and business services sectors -- continuedto be depressed by weakness in the surrounding regionaleconomies and an excess of domestic property.    The sources said the fragility of the economic recoverysuggested the government would not introduce much of itsplanned consumption tax in the coming financial year.    In last year's budget Hu said he planned to set upcollecting machinery for the tax. Economists said a campaignagainst smoking this year might be the opportunity for him tolevy the tax on tobacco as a first step towards its wider use.    The sources said the government does not look likely toraise more revenue in this year's budget.    Last year's budget projected a 3.22 billion dlr budgetdeficit for fiscal 1986/87, but the economic report projectedan overall calendar 1986 surplus of three billion.    Lower tax revenue was balanced by rising investment incomeand stringent controls on government operating expenditure,helped by the wage-freeze policy.    Anthony K.P. Lee, vice-president and deputy general managerof American Express Bank Ltd, said he expected nothing excitingfrom this year's budget.    Lee said, "It will probably be a non-event as most of thetax benefits were given last year. The economy has alreadystarted moving so it does not need government support."    Last week's economic report attributed the one pct declinein domestic demand last year mainly to a sharp decline inprivate construction, so this sector hopes for some relief fromthe budget, economists said.    The economic report said the sector's activity declined by25.3 pct in calendar 1986 after a 13.9 pct contraction in 1985.A further decline is expected in 1987.    But in last year's budget a 30 pct rebate on tax forindustrial and commercial properties was raised to 50 pct untilthe end of 1988, so the most Hu is likely to do is addincentives for creating property investment unit trusts.    The only measures known to be in tomorrow's budget areincentives to encourage population growth, including incentivesto families who have three children.    Deputy Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong has already announcedthe government will try to encourage three-child families,instead of the two-child families it encourages now. REUTER&#3;