The Japanese government appears to havelittle new to offer to settle a dispute with the U.S. Overcomputer chips, trade analysts and government officials said.    The U.S. Has threatened to impose tariffs worth up to 300mln dlrs on Japanese electronics exports to the U.S., Inretaliation for Japan's alleged failure to keep a pact on themicrochip trade signed last September.    A Foreign Ministry official told Reuters "Japan has donewhat it can, and now we must persuade the United States to waitfor those steps to take effect."    The U.S. Alleges that, in defiance of the Septemberagreement, Japan is still selling microchips at below cost innon-U.S. Markets and refusing to open Japan further to U.S.Chip sales. U.S. Tariffs are due to take effect on April 17.     Analysts noted Japan's Ministry of International Trade andIndustry (MITI) has already ordered chipmakers to cutproduction in order to dry up the source of cheap chips sold inthird countries at non-regulated prices.    "I'm not sure MITI can do much more than it has," saidJardine Fleming (Securities) Ltd analyst Nick Edwards.    A MITI official said the Ministry was not planning to callfor production cuts beyond those already sought, although itwould continue to press chip users to buy more foreign goods.    Spokesmen for some Japanese electronics firms said theywould consider buying more U.S. Chips. But a MatsushitaElectric Industrial Co spokesman said a rapid increase inimports was not likely.    Most analysts said Japanese exporters would be hard hit ifthe United States did implement the tariffs, which would belevied on consumer electronics products rather than onmicrochips themselves.    "If the tariffs remain in place for any length of time,there will be complete erosion of exports to the United States,"said Tom Murtha, analyst at James Capel and Co.    "The Japanese electronics industry is too powerful to bestopped altogether, but recovery for the industry will bedelayed for another year," he said.    Some analysts said tariffs would also harm U.S. Industry bystepping up offshore production and by reducing demand in Japanfor semiconductors U.S. Firms are trying to sell here.    "The American approach is full of contradictions," JardineFleming's Edwards said.    "If they want to expand (U.S.) exports, the last thing theywant to do is hit the makers of the final products because thathurts the final market," Edwards said.    But other analysts said the dispute reflects not just U.S.Concern over what it sees as a strategic industry, but alsofrustration with Japan's vast trade surplus. Some analystsargued that to solve the semiconductor problem Japan may haveto take action beyond that pledged in the semiconductor pact.    Carole Ryavec, an analyst at Salomon Brothers Asia Ltd,said "The major overall issue is to stimulate the domesticeconomy and move away from an export-dependent economy." REUTER&#3;