Dome Petroleum Ltd is under pressurefrom one of its largest creditors, &lt;Canadian Imperial Bank ofCommerce>, to sell its 42 pct stake in &lt;Encor Energy Corp Ltd>,energy industry analysts said.    Dome has pledged its 42.5 mln Encor shares as security forpart of its debt to Commerce Bank, estimated last year at 947mln Canadian dlrs, and the bank wants Dome to sell the stock topay down debt, analysts said.    "The Commerce has been slowly but surely moving Encor in thedirection that might make it a saleable asset," said one analystwho asked not to be named.    Dome earlier said it was not considering selling EncorEnergy, but reaffirmed the company's 23.3 pct interest inCanadian gold producer Dome Mines Ltd &lt;DM> is up for sale "atthe right price."    Dome, now negotiating a plan to restructure more than 6.10billion dlrs in debt, sees Encor as a strategic investment thatit does not intend to sell, spokesman David Annesley said. TheEncor shares do not pay dividends.    A Commerce Bank spokesman also declined comment when askedwhether it is pressing Dome to sell its Encor stake.    At current market prices, Dome's stake in Encor would bevalued at about 308 mln dlrs, while its 20.9 mln Dome Minesshares would be worth about 319 mln dlrs.    Recent strength in the price of Encor shares may alsoprompt Commerce Bank to press Dome to divest its holding in theCanadian oil and gas producer, analysts said.    "Encor's stock price has improved quite substantially inrecent weeks with a runup in crude prices," Peters and Co Ltdoil analyst Wilf Gobert commented.    "The possibility is that Commerce Bank would like to see itsold at these levels because they can get more for it now thanthey have been able to in recent years," he added.    Encor traded earlier on the Toronto Stock Exchange at7-1/8, near its 52-week high of 7-1/2 and up from around sixdlrs in early February.    The company also recently set up its own operatingmanagement, which was previously carried out by Dome Petroleum,Maison Placements Canada Inc analyst Denis Mote commented.    Dome and Encor "are actually going to get farther apart. So(the sale) does make a lot of sense," Mote said.    However, analysts said Dome will resist any moves to divestEncor in favor of retaining the operating assets since saleproceeds would likely go directly to pay down Dome's debt toCommerce Bank.    "I think they'll probably try to hang onto Encor as long asthey can," said Bache Securities Inc analyst Doug Weber.    Some of Dome's group of 56 major creditors might move toblock such a sale, arguing they have a claim on company assets.    "Other creditors generally all want to make sure thatsomething they might be able to get a piece of is not beingsold out from under them," said analyst Gobert.    Another stumbling block would be Encor's 225 mln dlr jointliability in loans to Dome Petroleum advanced by ArcticPetroleum Corp of Japan for Beaufort Sea exploration.    Analysts said a similar hurdle could also hinder thepossible sale of Dome Petroleum's interest in Dome Mines.    Dome Mines has guaranteed 225 mln dlrs of Dome Petroleum'sdebt and has a "right of consent" to the sale of Dome Petroleum'sholding.    Presumably, a potential buyer of the Dome Mines shareswould seek some type of relief on the company's debtobligations connected with Dome Petroleum, Gobert said.    Dome spokesman Annesley earlier declined to specify at whatprice the company would consider selling its Dome Mines shares,but said current prices of more than 15 dlrs a share "are veryattractive." Reuter&#3;