A proposed sales tax on gold transactionscould put a damper on the Tokyo market and encourage a shift oftrading to Hong Kong and Singapore, senior vice president andTokyo branch manager of Credit Suisse Paul Hofer told a pressconference.    "If you impose five pct on both buy and sell transactions,Tokyo participants in the gold market could be out of business,"he said. The tax would create such a spread that Japanese wouldbe unable to compete in the international market, he added.    "How can the government really raise taxes if the systemthey impose is prohibitive of generating business?" he said.    The government now imposes a 15 pct tax on physical tradesexceeding 37,500 yen for gold jewellery and coins and a 2.5 yentax per 10,000 yen on futures transactions, gold dealers said.    The new five pct tax would be imposed on companies tradingmore than 100 mln yen a year and apply to paper gold trades,gold deposits with banks and trading of gold bars as well asthat of jewellery and coins, dealers said.    However, the tax would lower the rate on jewellery andcoins to only five pct from the current 15 pct, they said.    Hofer said in 1982 Switzerland had imposed a 5.6 pct goldturnover tax on Jan 1, 1980, but abolished it on Oct 1, 1986.    A study by one of the Swiss banks showed that in early1980, the first year of the tax, the volume for all Swiss banksfell by up to 25 pct compared with 1978 and 1979, Hofer said.    Transactions of paper gold also fell up to 75 pct of thevolume prior to imposition of the tax, he said.    While gold transactions in Switzerland decreased, thevolume of trades outside the country, particularly in Londonand Luxembourg, increased between 10-25 pct, Hofer said.    Japan is a major importer of gold, buying a yearly averagejust under 200 tonnes, gold dealers said.    Last year Japan imported about 600 tonnes of gold, but thegovernment had bought about 300 tonnes for minting coins tocommemorate the 60th year of Emperor Hirohito's reign, dealerssaid.    Gold trading in Tokyo is dominated mainly by Japanesetrading companies, while Credit Suisse is the major foreignparticipant.    Daily turnover in the Tokyo spot market ranges between oneand 10 tonnes with the average around three tonnes, whilefutures turnover amounts to about four tonnes, gold dealerssaid.    "All of us are concerned daily with the fact that the Tokyomarket is growing, that Japan is becoming one of the threemajor financial markets in the world ... And in my personalopinion I think it would be a very big mistake to put a damperon this positive growth or developments by imposing such a tax,"Hofer said.    "I don't think it fits the philosophy of aninternationalising market," he added.    Officials of several major Japanese trading houses,attending the press conference, said they supported CreditSuisse's call for the government not to impose the gold tax. REUTER&#3;