French Prime Minister Jacques Chiracopened talks with President Ronald Reagan expected to focus onsuperpower arms control moves and trade issues.    French officials said a major aim of Chirac's visit was topresent France's concern that the United States might ignoreEuropean security interests in any accord with Moscow onremoving medium-range nuclear missiles from the continent.    But Reagan was expected to assure Chirac that he will notagree to a deal at the Geneva superpower talks that would givethe Russians superiority in shorter-range systems, diplomatssaid.    France has expressed doubts about removing U.S. missilesfrom Europe so long as the Soviet Union maintains an edge inother weaponry, particularly shorter-range rockets,conventional forces and chemical weapons.    Speaking last night, Chirac set out the French positionsaying: "Any agreement on intermediate nuclear forces shouldmention how equality can be achieved in short-range missiles."    Reagan and Chirac meanwhile signed an agreement ending adispute between two leading research institutes over patentrights to a blood screening test for the deadly disease AIDS.    In a joint statement, Chirac and Reagan said the PasteurInstitute in Paris and the National Cancer Institute, ofBethesda, Maryland, agreed to give part of the royalties fromthe test to a new foundation dedicated to the wordwide fightagainst AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome).    "This agreement opens a new era in Franco-Americancooperation, allowing France and the United States to jointheir efforts to control this terrible disease in the hopes ofspeeding the development of an AIDS vaccine and cure," Reagansaid at the signing ceremony.     He said the two parties would share the patent and give 80per cent of the royalties received to the new foundation.    The foundation would also raise private funds and woulddonate 25 per cent of its money to combat AIDS in lessdeveloped countries.     Both leaders stressed the long ties between France and theUnited States during a welcoming ceremony in the White HouseEast Room, with Reagan describing France as "America's oldestally in war and peace."     "I have come to tell you that we are remain motivated by thesame ideals of freedom, by the same will to face the dangerswhich we both confront -- terrorism, war, hunger, poverty, newdiseases and drugs," Chirac replied.    But the two countries are likely to have less to agree onover the issue of trade, where Chirac is worried about a risein protectionism in the U.S. Congress.     A senior U.S. official yesterday dismissed a French idea tosell cut-price grain to poor countries in Africa as a way oflessening surplus stocks.    Chirac is expected to canvass support for the idea, firstproposed by French Agriculture Minister Francois Guillaume,during his two-day visit to Washington.    The U.S. official described the idea as a "grain producers'OPEC" -- a reference to the Organization of Petroleum ExportingCountries -- and said it went against the Reaganadministration's desire to lessen government intervention intrade. Reuter&#3;