Emery Air Freight Corp said itplans to begin tomorrow a 40 dlr a share tender offer for 83pct of the outstanding common stock of Purolator Courier Corp.    The company said the tender offer is the first step in aplan to buy 100 pct of the Purolator shares.    Following the tender offer, Emery said it would offer 40dlrs of junior subordinated debentures for each remainingPurolator share outstanding.    On March one, Purolator agreed to a 35 dlr a shareleveraged buyout by eight Purolator executives and EF HuttonLBO Inc, a unit of EF Hutton Group Inc.    Emery said it had tried unsuccessfully to open mergerdiscussions with Purolator before the company accepted themanagement-led buyout offer.    In a letter to Purolator's chairman, Nicholas F. Brady,Emery's chairman, John C. Emery, said the company would stillprefer to negotiate with Purolator.    But he said the imminent expiration of the leveraged buyoutgroup's offer has forced the company to make an unsolicitedtender offer of its own.    Emery said its offer is scheduled to expire at 2400 EST onApril 28, unless extended.    The company said conditions of the offer include thereceipt of at least two-thirds of Purolator's sharesoutstanding, on a fully diluted basis, and the repeal of itsshare purchase rights plan.    Emery said the offer is also subject to completion of thepreviously announced sale of Purolator's Canadian operations.    Emery said Chemical Bank, Bankers Trust, Morgan GuarantyTrust Co and Salomon Bros had agreed to provide financing forthe tender offer.    It said the junior subordinated debentures to be issued inthe subsequent merger will carry a 13 pct annual interest rate,payable twice a year.    For the first three years after the notes are issued,interest will be paid, at Emery's option, in cash or inadditional notes, Emery said.    It added that the notes will not be subject to redemptionfor one year after they are issued.    Emery said Purolator would operate as a wholly owned unitof the company after the merger. It said it hoped Purolator'smanagement would continue with the company.    "We believe that our two companies provide an excellent fitwith each other and that the combination will enable each of usto better serve our existing customers and meet the challengesof the future," Emery's chairman said in his letter.    He said a merger would significantly enhance the financialturnaround that Purolator's management had previously forecast.    Officials at Purolator could not immediately be reached forcomment on the offer, which was released several hours afterthe stock market had closed.    Emery's stock closed up 1/2 at 12-5/8.    Purolator closed at 34-7/8, off 5/8. Reuter&#3;