Treasury Secretary James Baker saidhe did not believe Brazil was currently in a crisis because ofits debt situation and hoped the country would resolve itsdifferences with commerical banks through direct negotiations.    Answering questions before a House appropriationssubcommittee, Baker told a questioner, "I disagree with yourcrisis characterization" regarding Brazil.    He said that while the U.S. Treasury regretted Brazil'sinterest payment moratorium on commercial bank debt, "We hopeand believe they'll resolve this through direct negotiations(with the banks)."    Baker said the financial community around the worldbelieves it imperative that Brazil come up with a comprehensiveprogram to adjust its economy.    In other comments on foreign debt, Baker said the situationhas improved since mid-1982 because the banks are in muchbetter shape and have rebuilt reserves.    He also noted interest rates are considerably lower todaythan they were when the crisis broke out and the rate ofincrease in debt has slowed considerably.    In addition, Baker noted a number of debtors are makingreasonably good economic progress, and he cited Mexico inparticular.    He pointed out that Venezuela, Chile and the Philippineshave all reached agreement with commercial banks on debtrescheduling and Argentina was in the midst of negotiations.    But he rejected calls for "overnight solutions" to the debtcrisis. "There is no chance they can get out (of the debtcrisis)," Baker said, unless debtor countries generate economicgrowth.    Baker said the U.S. initiative to shore up debtor nationsdepends on that concept, and he rejected calls for debtforgiveness, which, he said, would cut debtor nations off fromaccess to private credit.    Baker noted that even though Sen. Bill Bradley (D-N.J.) wasurging debt relief in his strategy for dealing with the debtsituation, "More and more now, he bases this on the concept ofgrowth."    Other indicators of progress include, Baker said, debtornations negotiating better and better terms with commercialbanks. "The points over LIBOR are much less," he said. Reuter&#3;