Thai stocks have broken all expectationsand brokers and securities analysts said the nine-month bullmarket on the Securities Exchange of Thailand (SET) should lastthrough 1987.    Most had earlier dismissed a forecast by a local newspaperlast December that the SET Index would rise 50 points to 250 bymid-1987. They said the figure is now within easy reach.    The index, an average of the 93 registered stocks listed onthe market, gained 9.7 pct this month to finish the firstquarter at 228.97.    The index has gained 74 pct since last July after declinesof two pct in the first half of 1986 and five pct in 1985.    Yothin Aree, assistant managing director of Bangkok FirstInvestment and Trust Ltd (BFIT) echoed most analysts in sayingthat, barring dramatic increases in oil prices and worldinterest rates, the market will sustain its rally for the restof the year, punctuated by periodic corrections.    Securities analysts said stocks are the best investmentbecause of excess liquidity, which has forced interest rates to10-year lows. Bankers expect deposit rates, which have fallensix times since January 1986, to stabilise this year.    Central bank governor Kamchorn Sathirakul told commercialbanks last week they should spur loan demand by cutting lendingrates without a matching reduction in deposit rates.    SET statistics show daily trading in listed corporatestocks and government bonds averaged 217 mln baht during thefirst quarter, about 4.5 times higher than a year ago.    Robert Chan, deputy managing director of Wardley ThailandLtd, said foreign interest in Thai equities is strong and a fewJapanese fund managers recently approached him for the firsttime to seek advice on investing in the market.    Wardley Thailand, affiliated with The Hongkong and ShanghaiBanking Corp, handles stocks acquired by many foreign fundmanagers investing in SET.    "We thought six months ago that Thai stocks might have beenoverpriced after a significant 23.5 pct rise of the SET Indexduring the third quarter," Chan said, adding it has since gained41 pct.    He forecast the index could advance 30 to 40 points more byyear-end given the improving Thai economy, foreign interest inThai stocks and SET's average 12 pct price/earnings ratio,which is relatively low by world standards.    Foreign investment accounted for 1.22 billion baht, or 7.8pct of total turnover, in the January/February period, up from347 mln baht, or 5.8 pct, for the whole first quarter of 1986.    Foreigners can invest in the market directly, or throughthe Bangkok Fund or Thailand Fund, unit trusts set up as aportfolio investment vehicles for foreigners.    Bangkok Fund was set up by Merrill Lynch Capital Marketsand Cazenove and Co in 1985, while the Thailand Fund was set uplast December by Vickers da Costa International Ltd, MorganStanley and Co Inc, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg, BIL(Asia) Ltd and the World Bank's International Finance Corp.    Each trust is capitalised at 30 mln dlrs and has investedmore than 70 pct of its funds in equities.    Brokers said demand for Thai stocks has strengthenedcriticism the market, with 2.9 billion dlrs capitalisation, istoo small and its trading narrowly based.    Although an average 50 issues are now traded a session,against 30 a year ago, most foreign fund managers focus on lessthan 10 easily tradeable blue chips. Yothin said investors donot seem interested in smaller or speculative issues.    Long-term investment in SET is also restricted by lawslimiting foreign-held equity in most listed companies.    Foreign equity is limited to a maximum 25 pct in banks andis also the self-imposed limit in popular Siam Cement. Mostother businesses have a 49 pct limit.    SET officials said foreign investment in blue chips hasreached a limit and the barrier will likely slow investment asfund managers are reluctant to buy smaller issues.    SET President Maruay Phadungsith said his priority is tolist more stocks this year and is waiting for governmentapproval to launch a second trading board, where lessdiversified companies with short track records can be listed.    SET hopes to list 10 new issues this year against only onein 1986.    SET officials added state enterprises that have delayedplans to go public are missing a golden opportunity to attractcapital through the exchange as their shares would be popular.    A plan for state-owned Thai Airways International Ltd andBangchak Petroleum Co Ltd to go public this year appears lesscertain because of opposition from their administrations.    The privatisation of Krung Thai Bank Ltd has also been putin doubt by a Finance Ministry decision this month to merge itwith ailing government-owned Sayam Bank Ltd. REUTER&#3;