The Bank of France intervened to buysmall amounts of dollars and sell yen in Paris today tostabilise the exchange rates agreed at last month's meeting ofFinance Ministers of the Group of Five and Canada, foreignexchange dealers said.    But they said recent central bank intervention in theforeign exchange markets appeared to be a limited reaction totemporary pressures rather than a major defence operation.    A Bank of France spokesman declined all comment but sourcesclose to the central bank said it had also intervenedyesterday.    Dealers said the earlier intervention was in concert withthe Bundesbank and Bank of Japan.    The sources said the French central bank could have been inthe market again today in two-way operations, not necessarilyon its own account, but to counter short-term pressures arisingfrom the end of the Japanese financial year on March 31.    One major French bank said it bought between five and 15mln dlrs for the central bank and sold yen at 149.28 to thedollar.    Another bank said it had been asked by the Bank of Franceto say it was in the market, a departure from the centralbank's usual insistence on confidentiality.    But other banks said they had seen no sign of intervention,which they said appeared to be on a very limited scale.    "Even if 10 banks were buying five to 15 mln dlrs, you wouldstill be talking of a small overall amount," said one dealer.    Recent intervention by the Bank of Japan appeared mainly tohave been required to meet year-end window dressing demand foryen. "This is a specific short term phenomenon rather than awider trend," the dealer said.    Operators have been extremely cautious about testing thedollar's trading ranges against the West German mark andJapanese yen.    These ranges were set in February's stabilisation agreementreached here by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker and theFinance Ministers of Japan, Germany, France, Britain andCanada.    But speculative pressures started to build again this weekafter Baker was quoted on British television at the weekend asrepeating earlier statements that Washington had no target forthe dollar.    Baker yesterday moved to defuse speculation he was talkingthe dollar down, telling a Cable News Network interviewer and aSenate committee he stood by the Paris agreement. Foreignexchange markets had been misreading his comments, he said. REUTER&#3;