The United States has offered Navywarships to escort Kuwaiti oil tankers into and out of the Gulf where they could be threatened by new Iranian anti-shipmissiles, U.S. defense officials said today.    "We believe the Kuwaitis have also approached the SovietUnion about the possibility of using Soviet tankers" to shiptheir oil, one of the officials told Reuters. "But if there issuperpower protection, we would rather it come from us," theofficial said.    The officials, who asked not to be identified, said Kuwaithad asked about possible protection for a dozen vessels, mostof them oil tankers, which could be supplied by three U.S. Navyguided missile destroyers and two guided missile frigates nowin the southern part of the Gulf.    "We told them we would give them help and we are waiting tohear the Kuwaiti response to our offer," one official said.    In addition to a half dozen ships in the U.S. Navy's smallMideast Task Force near the Straits of Hormuz, the Pentagon hasmoved 18 warships -- including the Aircraft Carrier Kitty Hawk-- into the northern Indian Ocean in the past month.    White House and defense officials said today that massingof the fleet was routine and had nothing to do with theIran-Iraq war or Iran's recent stationing of Chinese-made anti-ship missiles near the mouth of the Gulf.    The land-based missiles have increased concern in Kuwaitand other Middle East countries that their oil shipments mightbe affected. Several hundred vessels have been confirmed hit inthe  Gulf by Iran and Iraq since early 1984. White Housespokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporters today that it was inthe U.S. strategic interest to keep the free flow of oil in thegulf and through the Straits of Hormuz.    But he said U.S. ships in the region were on routinemaneuvers.    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger on Sunday declined todiscuss specifics, but said the United States would do whateverwas necessary to keep the Gulf shipping open in the face of newIranian anti-ship missiles in the region.    "We are fully prepared to do what's necessary to keep theshipping going and keep the freedom of navigation available inthat very vital waterway of the world," he said on NBCtelevision's "Meet the Press."    The State Department said Friday Iran has been informedabout U.S. concern over the threat to oil shipments in theGulf. The communciation was sent through Switzerland, whichrepresents American interests in Iran.     Iran on Sunday denied as baseless reports that it intendedto threaten shipping in the gulf and warned the United Statesthat any interference in the region would meet a strongresponse from Tehran, Tehran Radio said.    An Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman, quoted in abroadcast monitored by the BBC in London, said reports thatIran intends to threaten shipping in the Gulf were baseless.    "In conjunction with this misleading propaganda, America hasalready paved the ground to achieve its expansionist andhegemonistic intentions, aiming to build up its militarypresence in the region," he was quoted as saying. Reuter&#3;