The Indonesian Commodity Exchange islikely to start trading in at least one new commodity, andpossibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman PaianNainggolan said.    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading inpalm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oilmay also be introduced. But he said the question was stillbeing considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and nodecision on when to go ahead had been made.    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubberphysicals on an open outcry system four days a week.    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said."We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make amistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffeeadded in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up tofive months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five aretraded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,exchange officials said.    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering theintroduction of futures trading later for rubber, but oneofficial said a feasibility study was needed first. Nodecisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April23, traders said.    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as theworld's second largest producer of natural rubber, shouldexpand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development ofthe exchange would help this.    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boostoverseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan toencourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation wouldalso visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states toencourage participation.    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good startalthough trading in coffee has been disappointing.    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading inApril 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber deliveredlocally, the latest exchange report said.     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and44 traders. REUTER&#3;