Major U.S. banks may lift primelending rates again within days due to recent increases intheir borrowing costs and speculation the Federal Reserve isnudging up interest rates to help the dollar, economists said.    In what was the first prime rate boost since mid-1984, mostbanks in early April lifted their rates a quarter point to7-3/4 pct, citing a reduced gap between the prime and their owncost of money. That spread has narrowed again.    "A prime rate increase could happen as soon as tonight,"said Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities Co International Inc.    Brusca said a quarter-point prime rate rise to eight pct isjustified because the spread between banks' cost of funds andthe prime rate has narrowed to less than three quarters of apercentage point.    He said that spread had averaged around 1.4 percentagepoints since last October until it fell below one point andtriggered the April prime rate rise at most banks.    "We could easily have another prime rate increase as soonas this week," said David Jones of Aubrey G. Lanston and Co.    "We've got a fairly good chance of a prime rate rise in thenear future," said Allan Leslie of Discount Corp.    "Based on the spread between the prime rate and fundingcosts, you would ordinarily see a prime rate increase now,"said Harold Nathan, economist at Wells Fargo Bank.    However, he said banks may be reluctant to lift the primebecause that would dampen already fairly weak business loandemand and because some are not sure the Fed will maintainrecent upward pressure on money market interest rates.    Nathan believes the Fed has let market pressures liftshort-term rates in recent days to help the ailing dollar. Hesaid "if there is widespread belief money market rates willstay high, a prime rate rise could occur at any time."    Fed officials have long expressed concern that too steep adollar drop could help rekindle U.S. inflation. As the dollarfell to a 40-year low against the yen Friday, currency traderssaid the Fed and other central banks supported the dollar.    In addition to buying dollars outright, another way tostabilize the U.S. currency would be for the Fed to push U.S.interest rates higher relative to overseas rates.    Based particularly on the Fed's reserve management actionson Friday and today, Nathan of Wells Fargo said "it has becomeclear that the Fed is not fully resisting upward rate pressurein the market. It is supplying fewer reserves than are needed."    Bank funding costs and other short and long-term interestrates rose sharply Friday and today on heightened speculationthat the Fed is gently firming monetary policy.    That was because the Fed supplied far fewer reserves in themarket than most economists had expected.    On Friday, the Fed added reserves indirectly and in smallamounts via one billion dlrs of customer repurchase agreementswith the Federal funds rate at which banks lend to one anotherhigh at 6-5/16 pct. With funds trading even higher at 6-1/2 pcttoday, the Fed arranged only a slightly larger 1.5 billion dlrround of customer repurchase agreements.    "The Fed's actions on Friday and today show that it isoffering only token resistance to upward funds rate pressures,"said Jones of Lanston.    "The Fed is focusing its policy attention mainly on theneed to defend the dollar," Jones said. He believes it ismerely shading policy toward restraint now, "but to have amajor impact on the dollar, the Fed will have to tighten policyovertly at some point."    Jones expects the Fed to foster higher market rates bybecoming more restrictive in supplying reserves and, withinfour to six weeks, to raise its discount rate from 5-1/2 pct.    Jones said a U.S. discount rate increase to six pct mightwell be accompanied by West German and Japanese rate cuts tofurther aid the dollar.    Given likely Fed policy firming, he said both the yield on30-year Treasury bonds (about 8.30 pct now) and the prime ratemay be at 8-1/2 pct at end-June and nine pct by year's end.    "The jury is still out on whether the Fed is tighteningpolicy to defend the dollar," said Leslie of Discount Corp. Hesaid tax-date pressures have been pushing up Fed funds lately.Leslie said Fed actions and reserve data once these pressuresabate will show whether or not it is firming policy.   Reuter&#3;