A leading U.S. farm-stateCongressman, Jerry Huckaby, D-La., warned he will press nextyear for legislation to control domestic production ofsweeteners, perhaps including corn sweeteners, if the industryfails to voluntarily halt output increases this year.    "We're moving toward a direction where we couldself-destruct (the U.S. sugar program)," Rep. Huckaby, chairmanof the House agriculture subcommittee dealing with sugarissues, told Reuters in an interview.    Huckaby, who told U.S. sugarbeet growers earlier this yearthey must halt production increases, said he will deliver thesame message to Louisiana sugarcane growers Friday. He alsosaid he will soon talk with corn refiners on the subject.    Huckaby said the campaign to urge a halt to domesticsweetener output increases is an effort to forestall furthercuts in the sugar import quota, now at one mln short tons.    "I think if we're talking about dropping (the quota)another half mln tons, lets say, you're getting to the pointwhere the program might not work," he said.    "Ideally, I'd like to freeze things right where we are,"said Huckaby, leading advocate for sugar growers in Congress.    A freeze would mean domestic sugar production at about thecurrent level of 6.5 mln tons, the corn sweetener share of theU.S. market staying at just over 50 pct, and U.S sugar importsholding at about 1.2 mln tons, Huckaby said.    A decision on whether to seek legislation will not be madeuntil 1987 output numbers are known late this year, he said.    "I feel like if we didn't expand production, we couldprobably hold where we are indefinitely, or at least throughthe 1985 farm bill without any changes (in the sugar program),"Huckaby said.    However, much depends on whether high-fructose corn syrupproducers continue to expand their share of the U.S. sweetenermarket from just over 50 pct, Huckaby said.    He noted most estimates are that corn sweeteners willcapture at most only another 10 pct of the sweetener market inthe U.S.    But he said if there were an economic breakthrough in theproduction of a new crystalline corn sweetener which furtherexpanded the corn sweetener share, then U.S. sugar importsmight be eliminated and U.S. sugar output severely reduced.    Huckaby said he will deliver this message to corn refinercompanies such as A.E. Staley and Archer Daniels Midland soon.    "This program is advantageous to the corn users. They havesome natural, legitimate self-interest in seeing that theprogram is preserved," Huckaby said.    Huckaby said he has asked sugar industry representatives tothink about how domestic output could be controlled, eitherthrough production allocations, acreage or marketing controls.    Huckaby also said he would be seeking guidance from theJustice Department to determine if it would be legal to askcorn refiners to limit production.    "I don't know if we will go this route, but if we dothere's a question in my mind at this point in time; can you dothat legally?" he said.    Asked if he would proceed with production controls withoutthe support of corn refiners, Huckaby said "You build a fragilehouse if you do it that way."    Huckaby said he understands why U.S. cane and beet farmershave expanded production, because high sugar price supportmeans returns from sugar are higher than competing crops suchas soybeans and grain.    But he said for sugar growers as a whole, expansion wouldnot be good policy.    Huckaby said he has tried to stress, in his speeches tosugar industry groups, that if growers continue to expand, theymay be penalized retroactively under any production controllegislation passed next year.    Huckaby said Congress is unlikely to approve any changes inthe sugar program this year despite a Reagan administrationproposal to drastically slash the program.    "The administration proposal is so drastic, that I don'tthink it will get up a head of steam," Huckaby said.    He said even a more moderate proposal to reduce sugar pricesupport is unlikely to be approved.    Instead of seeking to slash the domestic sugar program,Huckaby said the Reagan administration should file a complaintwith the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade against theEuropean Community's sugar policy. He said EC policies are themajor cause of the depressed world sugar market. Reuter&#3;