Standard Chartered Plc &lt;STCH.L>, facedwith a recession in the key Singapore and Malaysian markets andan ongoing depression in the shipping industry, boosted itsbad-debt provisions in 1986, chairman Lord Barber said.    Barber said in a statement on the bank's 1986 results thatbad and doubtful debt provisions, both general and specific,stood at 545.6 mln stg against 416.6 mln at end-1985.    Bank figures showed the increase was almost exclusively inthe specific bad risk provision, which qualifies for U.K. Taxbreaks. New specific provisions rose by 111.5 mln stg while71.2 mln stg were reallocated from the general risk provision.    In all, a 184.2 mln stg charge was made against profits for1986, compared with a 100.7 mln stg charge in 1985. Totalpre-tax profits fell to 254 mln after 268 mln in 1985.    "The continuing serious recessionary conditions in Singaporeand Malaysia and the depressed condition of the shippingindustry made it necessary to provide heavily against bad anddoubtful debs arising from loans in the Asia Pacific region, ontop of the normal level of provisioning," Barber said.    He said, "the decision was also taken to build up loan lossreeserves by making a sizeable increase in the charges forgeneral provisions for commercial and cross border risks."    Barber said due to bad-debt provisioning, the Asia Pacificregion made "a negligible contribution to pre-tax profits."    He said the profits contribution from the U.K. Businesseswas "well maintained, although the reported result was affectedby cross border debt provisioning," while Californian subsidiaryUnion Bank "showed continued growth."    "Tropical Africa, Middle East and South Asia all turned inexcellent performances and the revival in Europe continued," hesaid.    Barber said the group, which succesfully fought off atakeover bid by Lloyds Bank &lt;LLOY.L> last year, strengthenedits capital resources during that year to just over threebillion stg, while total assets increased to 32.2 billion.    Capital adequacy ratios remained strong, with the primarycapital ratio standing at 7.5 pct at end 1986, he said. Reuter&#3;