Senate Agriculture CommitteeChairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) said Congress would considerlimiting the use of generic commodity certificates as a meansof cutting government spending.     "I suspect that as we go into some of the budget debateswe're going to have on the floor, this is going to be part ofit," Leahy said, referring to proposals that the U.S.Agriculture Department save money by substituting cash outlaysfor payment-in-kind, or PIK, certificates in price and incomesupport programs.     "I have a feeling that the PIK program, however the costis defined, is going to be one of the top number of areas thatpeople are going to be looking for savings," Leahy told ahearing of the Senate Agriculture Committee.     The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that thegovernment could save 1.4 billion dlrs during fiscal years1988-92 if it curbed the use of generic certificates by banningso-called "PIK and roll" transactions.     Several Democratic senators had harsh comments for genericcertificates.     "We're trying to take care of a bad situation --surpluses--by depressing the price. I don't see any benefits,"said Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa). "I don't see any benefit indriving their prices lower, lower, lower all the time."     But Sen. Rudy Boschwitz said he supported use ofcertificates. "By and large I'm favorably impressed by PIKcertificates. I feel they have been helpful," said Boschwitz.     As expected, officials from the General Accounting Officeand the U.S. Agriculture Department indicated their estimatesof the cost of PIK certificates compared to cash outlays werefar apart.     The General Accounting Office, GAO, told the committeethat PIK certificates increased total Commodity Credit Corpoutlays through 1987 by between 107 mln and 653 mln dlrs. GAOsaid that increase was offset by commodity storage cost savingsof beween 169 mln and 253 mln dlrs.     Pressed by the committee, GAO Senior Associate DirectorBrian Crowley said government spending probably was about 450mln dlrs above what it would have been had all program paymentsbeen made in cash, not counting storage savings.     Crowley also said he thought PIK certificates had loweredthe price of corn and boosted domestic consumption of corn.     Agriculture Undersecretary Daniel Amstutz told thecommittee that the additional costs of using PIK certificatesand storage, handling and transportation costs "balance offvery closely."     Amstutz said he estimated the net cost of usingcertificates was about one pct higher than using only cash tomake program payments.     William Bailey, USDA deputy administrator for programplanning, said there were "one hundred issues I find eitherincorrect (in the GAO report), disagree with or where their(GAO) facts are inconsistent with what's going on."     Amstutz said GAO had not given USDA the option of"providing input" into the preparation of their report "as theyfrequently do."     The USDA undersecretary also conceded that certificatesand marketing loans had the similar effect of "putting moregoods into the market," but that while the department supportedcertificates, it would continue to oppose a marketing loan forwheat and feedgrains because it would cost too much. Reuter&#3;