Brazil has set up a special debtcommission, headed by Finance Minister Dilson Funaro, to beresponsible for renegotiating Brazil's 109 billion dollarforeign debt, officials said.    The principal negotiator on the commission, created byPresident Jose Sarney, will be former foreign minister RamiroSaraiva Guerreiro.    Officials said Guerreiro would be joined on the commissionby eight senior officials, including a representative of theNational Security Council.    The creation of the commission is intended to underscorethe Brazilian government's contention that the debt issue isessentially political and that a political solution must befound to the problem.    On February 20 Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68billion dollar foreign bank debt to try to force the issue.    Creditor banks, however, have signalled that they areequally determined to resist Brazil's demands for debt relief.    Yesterday Funaro travelled to the United States for freshdebt negotiations with creditors deeply angered by Brasilia'ssuspension of interest payments.    Funaro was due to hold talks in New York today with theprivate sector, before travelling to Washington for the semi-annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the WorldBank.    Officials said the new commission would start work inearnest when Funaro returns from the United States.    Yesterday Funaro called for a new forum for discussion ofthe foreign debt. He suggested direct participation of thegovernments of creditor countries in debt talks.    In negotiations on commercial debt, talks havetraditionally been restricted to banks.    The creation of the new commission brings Brazil's highlyprofessional Foreign Ministry much more into the forefront onthe debt issue than it has been in the past.    During the period of military rule, which ended in 1985,the Foreign Ministry played a very minor role in debt policy.    But the new commission has diplomats among its members andthe chief negotiator, Saraiva Guerreiro, is a seasoned envoywith a long diplomatic career. Reuter&#3;