Cheap oil feedstocks, the weakened U.S.dollar and a plant utilization rate approaching 90 pct willpropel the streamlined U.S. petrochemical industry to recordprofits this year, with growth expected through at least 1990,major company executives predicted.    This bullish outlook for chemical manufacturing and anindustrywide move to shed unrelated businesses has prompted GAFCorp &lt;GAF>, privately-held Cain Chemical Inc, and other firmsto aggressively seek acquisitions of petrochemical plants.    Oil companies such as Ashland Oil Inc &lt;ASH>, theKentucky-based oil refiner and marketer, are also shopping formoney-making petrochemical businesses to buy.    "I see us poised at the threshold of a golden period," saidPaul Oreffice, chairman of giant Dow Chemical Co &lt;DOW>, adding,"There's no major plant capacity being added around the worldnow. The whole game is bringing out new products and improvingthe old ones."    Analysts say the chemical industry's biggest customers,automobile manufacturers and home builders that use a lot ofpaints and plastics, are expected to buy quantities this year.    U.S. petrochemical plants are currently operating at about90 pct capacity, reflecting tighter supply that could hikeproduct prices by 30 to 40 pct this year, said John Dosher,managing director of Pace Consultants Inc of Houston. Demandfor some products such as styrene could push profit margins upby as much as 300 pct, he said.    Oreffice, speaking at a meeting of chemical engineers inHouston, said Dow would easily top the 741 mln dlrs it earnedlast year and predicted it would have the best year in itshistory.    In 1985, when oil prices were still above 25 dlrs a barreland chemical exports were adversely affected by the strong U.S.dollar, Dow had profits of 58 mln dlrs. "I believe the entirechemical industry is headed for a record year or close to it,"Oreffice said.    GAF chairman Samuel Heyman estimated that the U.S. chemicalindustry would report a 20 pct gain in profits during 1987.Last year, the domestic industry earned a total of 13 billiondlrs, a 54 pct leap from 1985.    The turn in the fortunes of the once-sickly chemicalindustry has been brought about by a combination of luck andplanning, said Pace's John Dosher.    Dosher said last year's fall in oil prices made feedstocksdramatically cheaper and at the same time the American dollarwas weakening against foreign currencies. That helped boostU.S. chemical exports.    Also helping to bring supply and demand into balance hasbeen the gradual market absorption of the extra chemicalmanufacturing capacity created by Middle Eastern oil producersin the early 1980s.    Finally, virtually all major U.S. chemical manufacturershave embarked on an extensive corporate restructuring programto mothball inefficient plants, trim the payroll and eliminateunrelated businesses. The restructuring touched off a flurry offriendly and hostile takeover attempts.    GAF, which made an unsuccessful attempt in 1985 to acquireUnion Carbide Corp &lt;UK>, recently offered three billion dlrsfor Borg Warner Corp &lt;BOR>, a Chicago manufacturer of plasticsand chemicals. Another industry powerhouse, W.R. Grace &lt;GRA> has divested its retailing, restaurant and fertilizerbusinesses to raise cash for chemical acquisitions.    But some experts worry that the chemical industry may beheaded for trouble if companies continue turning their back onthe manufacturing of staple petrochemical commodities, such asethylene, in favor of more profitable specialty chemicals thatare custom-designed for a small group of buyers.    "Companies like DuPont &lt;DD> and Monsanto Co &lt;MTC> spent thepast two or three years trying to get out of the commoditychemical business in reaction to how badly the market haddeteriorated," Dosher said. "But I think they will eventuallykill the margins on the profitable chemicals in the nichemarket." Some top chemical executives share the concern.    "The challenge for our industry is to keep from gettingcarried away and repeating past mistakes," GAF's Heymancautioned. "The shift from commodity chemicals may beill-advised. Specialty businesses do not stay special long."    Houston-based Cain Chemical, created this month by theSterling investment banking group, believes it can generate 700mln dlrs in annual sales by bucking the industry trend.    Chairman Gordon Cain, who previously led a leveraged buyoutof Dupont's Conoco Inc's chemical business, has spent 1.1billion dlrs since January to buy seven petrochemical plantsalong the Texas Gulf Coast.    The plants produce only basic commodity petrochemicals thatare the building blocks of specialty products.    "This kind of commodity chemical business will never be aglamorous, high-margin business," Cain said, adding that demandis expected to grow by about three pct annually.    Garo Armen, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds, saidchemical makers have also benefitted by increasing demand forplastics as prices become more competitive with aluminum, woodand steel products. Armen estimated the upturn in the chemicalbusiness could last as long as four or five years, provided theU.S. economy continues its modest rate of growth. Reuter&#3;