Pacific Gas and Electric Co's planto change its accounting methods for nuclear plant revenues,together with the prospect of higher higher domestic interestrates, helped push the company's stock price down 2-1/8 to 22,utility analysts and company executives said.    Pacific Gas said yesterday that a change in the method foraccounting for its Diablo Canyon Nuclear power plant revenueswill result in a 470 mln dlr reduction in 1987 earnings.    The company also said it intends to continue paying itscommon stock dividend at the current annual rate of 1.92 dlrsper share.    But the move also means that the company is not likely toincrease its dividend for perhaps as long as three years, saidMark Luftig, an analyst at Salomon Brothers Inc.    "Anybody looking for a dividend increase has beendissapointed (by the announcement)," Luftig said.    Pacific Gas has raised its common stock dividend on aregular basis for the past 10 years, a company spokeswomansaid.    In addition, she also pointed out that prospects for higherinterest rates may also be affecting Pacific Gas tradingactivity.    Citicorp &lt;CCI> and Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB> yesterdayincreased their prime lending rates to 7-3/4 pct from 7-1/2pct. It was the first rate increase by the big banks in nearlythree years.    Utility earnings are sensitive to interest rate increasesbecause of the high levels of borrowings needed to financeongoing construction projects.    Despite the market reaction, First Boston Corp analystArlene Barnes applauded the Pacific Gas decision.    "This is a very prudent move on management's part," saidBarnes.    Rather than using accounting tools to reflect income it isnot taking in, the company will now account for only the 40 pctof the cost of owning and operating the plant that regulatorsare allowing in the form of interim rate relief, Barnes said.    Pacific Gas had been carrying the other 60 pct as adeferred cash receivable and accounted for the non-cash item asincome.    "They'll take the hit this year, but at least we'll belooking at an honest earnings picture," Barnes also said. Reuter&#3;