Negotiators at a United Nationsconference on a new International Natural Rubber Agreement(INRA) have agreed on basic elements in a new pact, conferencechairman Manaspas Xuto said.    "We have resolved major differences of opinion," he toldReuters.    Xuto said the way is now cleared for drafting a new accord,to replace the current one which expires in October.    Xuto said: "I welcome the friendly and cooperativeatmosphere that has prevailed without interruption" since thetalks began last Monday.    "It is my hope that delegations will go back home and try toratify the new agreement," he added.    The renegotiation conference, under the auspices of theU.N. Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), is thefourth such meeting in two years.    Xuto said producers and consumers had agreed on fourpoints:    1) Regular price reviews will be held every 15 months.    Previously consumers were proposing 12-month intervalsbetween price reviews instead of 18 in the current pact.    2) If the average of the daily market indicator prices oversix months prior to a review is below (or above) the lowerintervention price (or the upper intervention price), thereference price will be automatically revised downwards (orupwards) by five pct unless the International Natural RubberOrganisation council decides on a higher percentage.    If buffer stock purchases or sales reach 300,000 tonnes,the reference price will be lowered or raised by three pctunless the council decides on a higher percentage.    3) If the buffer stock reaches 400,000 tonnes, the price atwhich the additional contingency stock of 150,000 tonnes isbrought into operation will be two Malaysian/Singapore centsabove the floor price -- or 152 cents.    4) The floor price will not be breached. Throughout thetalks producers had adamantly resisted a consumer proposal tolower the floor price of 150 cents if the buffer stock,currently 360,000 tonnes, rose to 450,000 tonnes.    The proposal, initiated by the U.S., Was withdrawn lastnight, setting the stage for compromise.    Legal drafting of provisions will start next week andformal adoption of the new accord by the 40 countries takingpart in the conference is expected to take place on March 20.    The current conference was widely seen as the last chanceto clinch a deal. Three previous attempts to negotiate a newfive- year pact had failed, the last round breaking down inOctober over consumer demands for tighter controls of thebuffer stock.    The United States, Japan, West Germany, France, Italy andBritain are the major consumers.    UNCTAD's latest estimates project an increase of 8.5 pct inrubber prices this year and 4.1 pct in 1988. REUTER&#3;