Japan has no plans to liberalise its farmmarkets, but will try to narrow the gap between the price offarm products at home and overseas, Agriculture MinisterMutsuki Kato said.    He told reporters the move is aimed at deflecting criticismof Japanese protectionism on its agricultural goods.    But Kato said he has no plans to start bilateral tradetalks with the United States over rice, Japan's staple food.    Washington has called Tokyo's rice policy an extremeexample of protectionism and has demanded access for U.S.Growers to the Japanese market. This is closed to importsexcept in emergency.    Kato said Japanese farmers should however "shed some blood,"to relieve the dangerous state of international farm trade.    His comments precede a meeting on July 1 and 2 of the RicePrice Council at which the government advisory body willdiscuss the 1987 crop producer rice price.    Kato said he welcomed the outcome of last week's recentsummit of leaders of leading industrialised democracies inVenice and of farm trade talks at the Organisation for EconomicCooperation and Development (OECD) in May.    Ministers at both conferences agreed on the long-term needto cut subsidies worldwide, Kato said.    Kato said that Japan is not the only country to protectproducers. He said the United States spends some 25.8 billiondlrs a year to support producer prices and on its exportenhancement program and the EC 21.7 billion, while Japan spendsonly 2.9 billion. He said that although Japan provides theworld's highest level of subsidies per acre, its subsidy perfarm family was several times lower than in the United States.    Expressing concern about growing protectionist moves inU.S. Congress, he said Japan should make efforts to preventfarm trade issues between the two countries from becoming afactor increasing protectionism in the United States.    Japan and the United States are holding panel discussionsat the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade over Japan'simport restrictions on 12 farm items.    Bilateral talks on beef and citrus trade in the period fromnext April are due to start this autumn. REUTER&#3;