Paul Volcker's resignation as FederalReserve Board chairman creates a serious leadership vacuum at atime of deep uncertainty about the future management of thethird-world debt crisis, bankers said.    They said Volcker did more than any other official to holdthe financial system together when Mexico halted interestpayments in August 1982 and has played a central role eversince.    "Where is the leadership going to come from? Suddenlythere's a terrible void," one New York banker said.    Volcker's expertise will be all the more sorely missedbecause International Monetary Fund managing director MichelCamdessus is new to his job and Barber Conable is finding ithard to make a mark as World Bank president, bankers said.    Moreover, Volcker's successor, Alan Greenspan, has littleexperience of international affairs and third world debt.    "Greenspan does not have the sensitivity to these issuesand the sense of understanding of their complexity that Volckerhas. Volcker understands what motivates people outside the U.S.That was in his gut. Greenspan just does not have the intuitivefeeling," one banker said.    This banker, who has discussed debt questions withGreenspan, described his views as simplistic.    But Robert Hormats of Goldman, Sachs and Co said he was notworried by Greenspan's lack of international experience.    "People rush to judgment, but once they get to knowGreenspan I'm sure they'll find him an excellent replacement,"said Hormats, a former Administration official.    Anyone nominated to replace Volcker would have paled in theinitial comparison, Hormats said. "Volcker had the status of afinancial demigod and you can't attain that status overnight,"he said.    One veteran debt rescheduler said Volcker, together withthe Bank of England, deserves credit for keeping the bankingsystem intact after Mexico's default.    "If it hadn't been for him, the world would look a lotdifferent now," he said. "Whether you agreed with him or not,he has a superb grasp of ideas."    Certainly, not all bankers did agree all the time withVolcker. In particular, he was roundly criticized by some formore or less forcing them last September to grant Mexicogenerous terms on its 77 billion dlr new-loan and debtrescheduling agreement.    "Volcker lost a lot of credibility by overstepping thebounds and pushing the package onto the banks," commented onebanker who helped to negotiate the Mexican deal.    Another critic was Citicorp chairman John Reed, who saidthe 13/16 pct interest margin would deter some bank lenders andthus delay Mexico's return to the voluntary markets.    It was a review of the fate of the Mexican deal - and ofothers that followed it for Chile, Venezuela, the Philippinesand Argentina - that helped to convince Reed that the debtcrisis was not about to be solved and that Citicorp needed tobolster its reserves in case some of the loans went bad.    "It certainly contributed to the general feeling ofmalaise," one Citicorp banker said in describing the impact ofthe Mexican package on the bank's decision to add three billiondlrs to its reserve for possible loan losses.    That decision, since followed by Chase Manhattan andSecurity Pacific Corp, may profoundly alter the strategy ofcreditors and debtors alike for tackling the debt crisis.    But no one is sure what the impact will be. "It's verydifficult for anyone to know which way the debt problem isgoing, and with Volcker out of the picture it just adds to theuncertainty," one banker said. Reuter&#3;