Yugoslavia's ambitious economic recoveryand anti-inflation plan faces major hurdles before it can beimplemented, Yugoslav economists and Western diplomats said.    Prime Minister Branko Mikulic on Monday proposed new taxeshitting high income earners, moonlighters, property andinterest on savings as part of new government plans to rein inthe country's 123 pct inflation.    He also proposed price and wage restraint and the trimmingof repayments on the 20 billion dlr foreign debt in line withcurrency earning abiltiy.    "The taxes will anger many Yugoslavs struggling withsoaring prices and will be resisted in Parliament," a Westerndiplomatic source said. Yugoslav economists said Mikulic'sdraft plans left many questions unanswered.    "It was a list of goals, not concrete measures," said asenior Yugoslav economist at a leading Yugoslav researchinstitute.    The state news agency Tanjug was more optimistic. It saidthe proposals indicated "real economic reforms" were coming.    Further details of the program, which Mikulic summarised inParliament, are to appear in the days ahead, and the draft hasto be debated and voted on by deputies in November.    "The goals are good," a leading Belgrade economist said."No one can argue with that. But the million dollar question,as with all government programs here, is how they will beimplemented."    Zoran Popov, senior research fellow at The BelgradeInstitute for Industrial Economy said the existing system mademany of the proposals difficult to put into effect.    "A change in the the system of taxation requires changes inthe constitution," he said. "Mikulic's speech tells us what hewants to do, but not how."    "It may be anti-inflationary," one diplomat said. "But thequestion is how can you tax a black economy and how will thegovernment find out who has two jobs or more than one home."    Economists and diplomats said the proposals could beresisted by deputies from several of Yugoslavia's constituentrepublics and provinces in defence of regional interests.    Such resistance has blocked the nationwide implementationof federal government economic policy on many past occasions. Reuter&#3;