The dollar's tumble to a record low of144.70 yen in Tokyo today motivated some major Japaneseinvestors to lighten their U.S. Bond inventory further and isexpected to spur diversification into investment assetsincluding foreign and domestic shares, dealers said.    The key U.S. 7-1/2 pct Treasury bond due 2016 fell to a lowof 96.08-12 in early Tokyo trade against the 98.05-06 New Yorkfinish, then recovered to 96.20-22.    Some trust bank pension fund acccounts and investmenttrusts were seen selling several hundred million dollars on theforeign exchange market here today, accentuating the unit'stumble, securities house dealers said.    They seem undecided on what to do with the fresh yen cashpositions resulting from their dollar sales today, and aresidelined until the currency market stabilises and the interestrates outlook clarifies, a Nikko Securities Co Ltd currencytrader said.    The dollar's plunge and low yields on U.S. Bonds willfurther promote diversification into other foreign investments,as well as call back funds into the domestic bond and stockmarkets from overseas bond markets, securities bond managerssaid.    They said major Japanese investors in the past two yearsare estimated to have held 50 to 80 pct of their foreignportfolios in U.S. Bonds but many have lightened their U.S.Bond inventory to as low as 40 pct.    Since late last year, Japanese investors, seekingsubstantial liquidity and attractive yields, have used freshfunds to buy mark and Canadian dollar bonds and, after theParis currency pact, actively bought French franc bonds andgilts while gradually lightening U.S. Bond inventories, themanagers said.    Dealers said funds tied up in foreign assets had flowedinto local bond and stock markets as well.    The yield of the key 5.1 pct 89th bond dropped to a recordlow of 4.080 pct today from the 4.140 Saturday finish andcompared with 4.25 pct on three-month certificates of deposit.    The key bond has fluctuated less than five basis points formore than a month here, suggesting most dealers could notsatisfy their needs for capital gains, dealers said.    A market survey by Reuters showed some active accounts inU.S. Treasuries are currently dealing on Tokyo's stock market.The stock market's bullishness late last week was partly due tofunds transferred from U.S. Treasuries, dealers said.    Japanese net purchases of foreign securities in the firsthalf of March fell an estimated one billion dlrs compared withaverage monthly net purchases of 7.7 billion for the whole of1986, Finance Ministry sources said.    The steep fall is due to Japanese investors' cool attitudetowards U.S. Bonds, which had amounted to more than 80 pct oftotal foreign securities purchased, securities houses managerssaid.    Foreign stock buying in March is expected to exceed therecord high of 1.5 billion dlrs seen in December, they said.    "Diversification of foreign portfolios is underway and wehave bought bonds in currencies such as marks, the Canadiandollar, the ECU and French franc," a fund manager at &lt;YasudaTrust and Banking Co Ltd> said. REUTER&#3;