Value added tax (VAT) and personalincome tax are to be introduced next year, alongside pricereform and a modified wage system, the official Hungarian newsagency MTI said in its Weekly Bulletin.    A draft act divides goods into three groups for VAT. Mostwill be taxed at 20 pct, although basic foods, urban transport,fuel, pharmaceuticals and probably homes and building materialswill be zero-rated. Non-basic services will be taxed at 10 pct.    Several other taxes will be abolished when VAT comes innext January 1 and the effect will be to cut producer prices bybetween five and 10 pct, MTI said.    Consumer prices will rise by about eight pct as result ofcuts in subsidies, including those on milk and dairy products,MTI said. It did not say what effect the VAT would have.    Basic changes in company taxation were necessary as varyingtaxes and subsidies gave a confusing picture, and minor stepstaken so far had only improved things temporarily.    MTI said inefficient firms were still being maintained atthe expense of efficient ones, whose profit incentive wasblunted by an average profit tax of 80 pct. The idea was togive all ventures equal chances and eliminate distinctions.    "Valid preferences or supports are to be withdrawn, or atleast reduced," MTI said.    The tax changes will be a further step in a recent line ofeconomic reforms designed to boost company efficiency.    Management of 75 pct of all state enterprises passed fromministries to elected enterprise councils in 1985 and 1986, anda bankruptcy law in force since last September limits the dutyof the state to save loss-making firms.    MTI said yesterday state subsidies to enterprises andindustrial cooperatives rose 16 pct last year, while profitsrose 4.6 pct. It gave no absolute figures.    The number of small private ventures rose 4,000 to 39,000in 1986. Their turnover rose 27.5 pct and net income 16.2 pct.They now employ 443,000, nine pct of the workforce.    Hungarians now pay no tax on their primary income, andrelaxation of central economic controls has led to largedisparities in earnings, almost entirely in the private sector.    MTI said the introduction of personal income tax for allworkers would lead to a fairer bearing of the public burden. Itgave no details of the tax structure except to say that itwould be progressive and embrace all legal income.    All measures are due to go before parliament this summer. REUTER&#3;