Swiss franc notes issued after May 1 mustbe provided with a prospectus, virtually erasing the differencein information requirements between notes and public bonds,according to a convention drafted by the Bankers' Federation.    The convention requires that lead managers draw up aprospectus naming all syndicate members and providing certaindetails about the borrower.    In contrast to public issues, though, the prospectus mustmerely be made available to clients on request via allsyndicate banks rather than published and distributed inprinted form.    The convention, which was approved by banks earlier thismonth, replaces an earlier convention dating from 1984 anddeals with what had been widely seen as an increasinglyanachronistic distinction between notes and public issues.    Its publication follows a long debate among bankers on theamount of information that should be provided by borrowers,heightened by difficulties with Swiss franc issues here onrecent occasions .    It applies to all notes in units of at least 50,000 Swissfrancs, the usual denomination, which are placed directly withcustomers by the syndicate and not quoted on the bourse.    Anything smaller than 50,000 francs will be governed by theunchanged, more demanding rules that apply to public issues.    Bankers contacted by Reuters said they did not envisagethat the new requirement would present them with problems orpush up fees. Many banks said that they had for some time beenproviding more than the legal minimum of information.    Traditionally, notes or private placements, as they werealso known, were medium term instruments denominated in 50,000francs and placed largely with institutional investors.    They were normally not brought onto the open market andnever quoted on the stock exchange.    But over the years the distinction between notes and thepublicly quoted and traded bonds gradually broke down. TheNational Bank therefore last May abolished all remainingrestrictions on maturities and denominations which stillformally divided them.    However, it was not in the competence of the National Bankto rule on prospectuses and banks have since continued largelyas before: public issues, generally quoted on stock exchanges,have been provided with detailed prospectuses, while notes,virtually always not-quoted, have been equipped only with"information memorandums" with varying degrees of detail.    The new convention attempts to put an end to this. It sayseach notes prospectus must contain the following seven points:    - The precise terms of the issue    - Details of the company performance if it is more than sixmonths since the last annual report    - Naming of all guarantors    - The source of the information    - Details of ratings, insofar as they have been made    - For equity linked notes, details of where the company'sshares are listed and price high and lows over at least thelast three years.    - That the lead manager has required the borrower toprovide information during the lifetime of the notes on theprogress of his business.     According to figures from Swiss Bank Corp, total noteissues by foreign borrowers reached 18.6 billion Swiss francslast year, compared with 23.6 billion francs borrowed in theform of public bonds.    A majority of the note issues were for Japanese borrowers. REUTER&#3;