Live cattle futures posted a robustrally today after a major beef packing company said it wouldend a lockout at its slaughtering plant in Dakota City, Neb.    April delivery cattle on the Chicago Mercantile Exchangeclosed at 64.45 cents a pound, up 0.83 cent, as the marketexpected demand for live animals to increase as the plantrestarts operations.    Iowa Beef Processors, a division of Occidental Petroleum,said it planned to reopen the plant, one of the largest in thenation, on March 16. The plant has been closed since Dec. 14,the day after a contract between IBP and Local 222 of theUnited Food and Commercial Workers Union expired.    The plant employs 2,800 workers and can slaughter severalthousand animals a day, a company spokesman said.    The company said it locked out union workers because theythreatened to disrupt operations. It was unclear whether unionmeatpackers would return to work. They rejected the company'slatest contract offer March 5.    Traders said cattle prices advanced at midsession as rumorscirculated that the lockout was ending, and gains were furtherfueled by a noticeable increase in demand for live animals oncash markets in Nebraska and the Texas Panhandle.    The rally in cattle also boosted values of live hogs andfrozen pork bellies, which also were supported by indicationsthat producers were expanding their hog herds at a slower ratethan previously expected.    Petroleum futures posted a modest rally on the New YorkMercantile Exchange.    But a report that the Soviet Union planned to reduce theprice of its crude oil exports may pressure the market Friday,said Nauman Barakat, petroleum analyst in New York with SmithBarney, Harris Upham and Co.    Buying by companies that deal in petroleum helped pricesrecover from early weakness, traders said.    Gold futures rallied, partly in response to strength in thesilver market, on the Commodity Exchange in New York. Silverprices rallied after a U.S. brokerage house recommended itscustomers buy the metal, traders said.    Coffee futures drifted lower in response to a report thatColombia lowered the price of its exports, traders said.    Sugar prices closed slightly higher on the Coffee, Sugarand Cocoa Exchange despite a large export sale by the EuropeanCommission on Wednesday.    Soybeans were higher, wheat lower and corn mixed on theChicago Board of Trade.    Soybeans were boosted by expectations that the AgricultureDepartment would report a healthy signup for the ConservationReserve Program, which pays farmers to leave highly erodibleland idle instead of planting a crop, traders said.    Concern that a strike by Brazilian seamen might interruptexports of soybeans from Brazil, where the harvest is justbeginning, also underpinned prices, they said.    Wheat prices were pressured by selling in response totrends on price charts, they said. Reuter&#3;