U.S. retail sales rose sharply inFebruary but many economists said the underlying consumerspending trend remains weak.    February retail sales jumped 4.1 pct, more than the 2.5-3.0pct rise the financial markets had anticipated. But January'ssales were revised down to a 7.4 pct drop, from a previouslyreported 5.8 pct decline.    "The trend is toward continued spending but certainly at amuch more sluggish pace," said Don Maude of Midland MontaguCapital Markets Inc.    Maude averaged out the wide swings in the retail sales dataover past four months to show that the pace of consumerspending is slowing.    Combining the latest data with a 0.6 pct drop in Novemberand a 4.6 pct gain in December, the average retail sales gainover the four months was 0.2 pct, he said, compared to to a 0.4pct rise for year-over-year sales through February.    "You can see a pattern developing," Maude said. "I wouldn'tbe surprised to see a fall-off in March, especially since salesprobably won't be boosted by auto sales as they were inFebruary."    Despite the weak underlying trend, economists wereimpressed by a robust 1.5 pct gain in total sales excludingautos in February. This compared to a revised 0.4 pct declinein January, previously reported as a 0.1 pct decline.    "The increase in non-auto sales was broadbased, with gainsin durable goods as well as non-durables," noted Ward McCarthyof Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc. "It was a pretty healthyreport."    He noted that building materials rose 1.8 pct in Februaryafter falling 1.7 pct in January. General merchandise storesales gained 1.4 pct after a 1.6 pct rise in January.    "There are signs of life in the economy," McCarthy said."But it's jumping to conclusions to extrapolate this reportinto the future."     A 0.7 pct increase in disposable personal income in Januarywhich may be linked to the new tax laws probably helped boostspending in February, he said.    "A lot of people may be inadvertently under-withholdingtaxes from their paychecks," he said. "When people in thiscountry get an increase in disposable income, the inclinationis to go out and spend it," he said.    Economists said tomorrow's release of U.S. auto sales forthe first 10 days of March will be an important indicator ofhow much this sector will add to first quarter spending.     Auto sales accounted for the lion's share of totalFebruary sales, rising 14.4 pct. This followed a 27.7 pct dropin January, previously reported as a 22.4 pct fall, due largelyto the expiration of the sales tax deduction under new tax lawsJanuary 1, the Commerce Department noted.    Some economists argued that the because the gain in totalsales excluding autos also followed a decline in January, thestrength in the February report is less than impressive.    "There is strength in the February data, but that's becausethey were compared to low sales levels in January," said saidBeth Reiners of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. "We don't see it as aprecursor of continued strength."    Durable goods sales rose 8.8 pct in February, after falling17.7 pct in January. February non-durable goods sales gained1.3 pct, after declining 0.2 pct in January.    Gasoline service station sales rose two pct in February,following a 1.9 pct gain in January, but economists said higheroil prices rather than an increased volume of gas salesprobably accounted for these gains.    Reiners also emphasized that the trend in consumer spendingis weakening. Total retail sales on average were 123 billiondlrs in the fourth quarter of 1986, she said. In January, theyfell to a seasonally adjusted 117.52 bilion dlrs, and inFebruary rose to 122.29 billion dlrs.    "On average, it looks like they'll total 120 to 121 mlndlrs in the first quartrer," she said. "We don't look at thisas indication that the economy is barrelling along."    "The number is not really that problematic for those of uswho are constructive on the bond market," agreed Elliot Plattof Donaldsen Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corp.    Platt does not foresee potential for tighter monetarypolicy on the basis of the latest retail sales report.    "The Fed is on hold now because the data have been soconfusing," he said.    "Before the 337,000 gain in February non-farm payrollemployment, I would have looked for a discount rate cut inMarch," he said. "But now Fed officials will have to wait forthe first quarter real U.S. gross national product data inApril to sort things out." Reuter&#3;