Congress returned from its Easterrecess ready for the annual Spring budget battle that promisesto be a partisan dispute.    The budget fight pitting Democrats against President Reaganand Republicans is expected to get underway this week in theSenate late this week and last at least another week. It istaking on new prominence because of current trade woes.    That is because the budget problems and its associated hugedeficits are said to be at the root of related internationaltrade friction currently worrying financiers.    As the dollar slides downward on global markets and stockexchanges gyrate wildly, the trade dispute involving the UnitedStates and Japan once again is spreading fears of a major tradewar between the two trading giants for the first time sinceWorld War II.    Ostensibly that dispute is over U.S. charges that Japan isrefusing to open its markets to semi-conductor chips and theresulting U.S. tariffs doubling prices of Japanese televisionsand small computers.    Behind the elements of a brewing trade war which neitherside wants, is the dilemma of the U.S. budget and its deficit.    Some analysts say the financial markets may be waking up tothe economic realities that the huge debt cannot continue togrow without repercussions.    A large portion of the U.S. debt has been financed byforeigners from their accumulated trade surpluses. But if theywithdraw this support the result can only be further problems,including higher interest rates for Americans.    In a nutshell, the U.S. budget process has now moved to theshowdown stages in Congress. Reagan's own trillion dollarspending budget for the government year 1988, starting Oct. 1,was trounced badly in the House on April 9.    The Senate takes up a plan similar to one that passed theHouse, calling for slashing the deficit from its estimated 171billion dlr level next year to about 134 billion dlrs, throughdefense and domestic spending cuts and about 18.5 billion dlrsin new, unspecified, taxes. As the Senate prepares to take upits own budget plan, majority Democrats predict there will bepassage of a bill, only after a protracted partisan battle.    In the House, not one Republican voted for the budget,which passed by 230 to 192. In the Senate, none of Reagan'sRepublicans voted for the budget as it passed out of the SenateBudget Committee for full Senate consideration.    A key Senate Budget Committee source told Reuters hebelieves this very unusual unanimous opposition was by designamong congressional Republicans, perhaps with the tacitapproval of the White House.    "Republicans want Democrats to take the heat for any taxhikes and defense cuts," he said.    In the coming weeks, the source said, Democrats will pressfor a bipartisan budget and seek a negotiated budget withReagan -- who already is opposed to the idea. But "it is notclear how the Republicans will act," he added.    He said Republicans may propose their own plan for lowertaxes and more defense spending, which they did not offer afterReagan's budget was clobbered in an early vote in the House.     When Reagan entered the White House in 1981, he inheritedwhat was labelled a huge deficit from Jimmy Carter that woundup to be nearly 79 billion dlrs that year.    Despite Reagan's promise to balance the budget by 1983,critics note that his administration's record of accumulateddebt is estimated over one trillion dlrs, or 1,100 billiondlrs.    That is money the government must borrow, and pay back, andmany analysts say it is what kept the dollar high and causedthe worst U.S. trade deficit ever.     Last year the United States bought goods from the worldworth 169.8 billion dlrs more than what it sold, includingpurchases of 58.6 billion dlrs in Japanese goods.    While Congress is trying to attack the trade deficit on onefront through a get-tough trade bill promising retaliatorymeasures unless all markets are opened, its success so faragainst the budget deficit has been marked by limited progress.    Congress, which controls the pursestrings, has put thedeficit on a downward path from its record high of 220.7billion dlrs accumulated in fiscal 1986, which ended Sept. 30.    Because of the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings balanced budget lawenacted in late 1985, there has been pressure on Congress to domore than talk about deficits.    That law, named after Republican Senators Phil Gramm ofTexas, Warren Rudman of New Hampshire and Democrat ErnestHollings of South Carolina, calls for a balanced budget by 1991through a series of set deficit targets that Congress must meet.    The law has been followed, even though an enforcementmechanism to mandate automatic across-the-board cuts ifCongress misses its goal was stricken by the Supreme Court.    The legislators have followed the targets -- on paper. Butin reality, the goal has actually been missed. For example,Congress last year approved legislation to meet the 1987 targetof a 144 billion dlr deficit. But even after approving thenumbers, the deficit for 1987 is estimated at over 170 billiondlrs -- far off the target.    This year the target is 108 billion dlrs and that goal isexpected to be missed widely. Reuter&#3;