Philippine sugar production in the1987/88 crop year ending August has been set at 1.6 mln tonnes,up from a provisional 1.3 mln tonnes this year, SugarRegulatory Administration (SRA) chairman Arsenio Yulo said.    Yulo told Reuters a survey during the current millingseason, which ends next month, showed the 1986/87 estimatewould almost certainly be met.    He said at least 1.2 mln tonnes of the 1987/88 crop wouldbe earmarked for domestic consumption.    Yulo said about 130,000 tonnes would be set aside for theU.S. Sugar quota, 150,000 tonnes for strategic reserves and50,000 tonnes would be sold on the world market.    He said if the government approved a long-standing SRArecommendation to manufacture ethanol, the project would takeup another 150,000 tonnes, slightly raising the target.    "The government, for its own reasons, has been delayingapproval of the project, but we expect it to come through byJuly," Yulo said.    Ethanol could make up five pct of gasoline, cutting the oilimport bill by about 300 mln pesos.    Yulo said three major Philippine distilleries were ready tostart manufacturing ethanol if the project was approved.    The ethanol project would result in employment for about100,000 people, sharply reducing those thrown out of work bydepressed world sugar prices and a moribund domestic industry.    Production quotas, set for the first time in 1987/88, hadbeen submitted to President Corazon Aquino.    "I think the President would rather wait till the newCongress convenes after the May elections," he said. "But thereis really no need for such quotas. We are right now producingjust slightly over our own consumption level."    "The producers have never enjoyed such high prices," Yulosaid, adding sugar was currently selling locally for 320 pesosper picul, up from 190 pesos last August.    Yulo said prices were driven up because of speculationfollowing the SRA's bid to control production.    "We are no longer concerned so much with the world market,"he said, adding producers in the Negros region had learned fromtheir mistakes and diversified into corn and prawn farming andcloth production.    He said diversification into products other than ethanolwas also possible within the sugar industry.    "The Brazilians long ago learnt their lessons," Yulo said."They have 300 sugar mills, compared with our 41, but theyrelocated many of them and diversified production. We want tocall this a 'sugarcane industry' instead of the sugar industry."    He said sugarcane could be fed to pigs and livestock, usedfor thatching roofs, or used in room panelling.    "When you cut sugarcane you don't even have to producesugar," he said.    Yulo said the Philippines was lobbying for a renewal of theInternational Sugar Agreement, which expired in 1984.    "As a major sugar producer we are urging them to write a newagreement which would revive world prices," Yulo said.    "If there is no agreement world prices will always bedepressed, particularly because the European Community issubsidising its producers and dumping sugar on the markets."    He said current world prices, holding steady at about 7.60cents per pound, were uneconomical for the Philippines, whereproduction costs ranged from 12 to 14 cents a pound.    "If the price holds steady for a while at 7.60 cents Iexpect the level to rise to about 11 cents a pound by the endof this year," he said.    Yulo said economists forecast a bullish sugar market by1990, with world consumption outstripping production.    He said sugar markets were holding up despite encroachmentsfrom artificial sweeteners and high-fructose corn syrup.    "But we are not happy with the Reagan Administration," hesaid. "Since 1935 we have been regular suppliers of sugar to theU.S. In 1982, when they restored the quota system, they cutours in half without any justification."    Manila was keenly watching Washington's moves to cutdomestic support prices to 12 cents a pound from 18 cents.    The U.S. Agriculture Department last December slashed its12 month 1987 sugar import quota from the Philippines to143,780 short tons from 231,660 short tons in 1986.    Yulo said despite next year's increased production target,some Philippine mills were expected to shut down.    "At least four of the 41 mills were not working during the1986/87 season," he said. "We expect two or three more to followsuit during the next season." REUTER&#3;