Turkey expects a 1986 balance of paymentsdeficit of 1.5 billion dlrs, well over target, but is takingsteps to improve its performance in this and other fields, AliTigrel, director of economic planning at the State PlanningOrganisation said.    He told Reuters the shortfall was a direct consequence ofeconomic growth of nearly eight pct, up from 5.1 pct in 1985,which he said resulted mostly from a surge in domestic demand.    Tigrel acknowledged a need to cut inflation further after adrop of more than 12 points to 24.6 pct in the Treasurywholesale index last year.    This year's target of 20 pct "might be attainable but theeconomic management will have to be careful," he said.    Tigrel, whose department produces the annual programmewhich is central to the government's economic planning, saidTurkey's creditworthiness was at risk over the current accountshortfall, originally targeted at 695 mln dlrs.    "We must alleviate the current account substantially tosustain the creditworthiness that we have managed to secureover the last five years," he added.    His comment echoed last October's Organisation for EconomicCooperation and Development report on Turkey, which saidAnkara's case for more medium-term financing on better termswould look better if inflation were lower and the currentaccount deficit cut or turned into a surplus.    "In 1987 we must reduce the rate of growth in public sectorinvestments, we must reduce the public sector deficit as apercentage of GNP and we must achieve a very visibleimprovement in the current account deficit," he said.    Tigrel said a surge in public sector spending last year wasalso to blame for the high deficits.    Appropriations to government departments had been cut byeight pct since the budget was passed in December and foreignborrowing by municipalities had been restrained.    "We are trying make sure that public bodies stick to theinvestment programme and do not exceed their appropriations," hesaid. It was hoped to bring the public sector borrowingrequirement down to five pct of GNP in 1987 from an estimated5.6 pct in 1986.    More modest GNP growth of five pct for 1987 was alsotargeted, Tigrel said. Measures were being taken to encourageexports, and production incentives were being considered.    "We must try to make sure that more capacity is injectedinto the Turkish economy in the coming years. The promotionpolicy is geared to make sure that both foreign investment andlocal private capital come more into play as far asmanufacturing capacity is concerned," Tigrel said.    He said the process of structural adjustment of the Turkisheconomy to free market policies, begun in 1980, was still underway. Trade had been liberalised and a freer exchange ratepolicy applied, but he acknowledged there was more to be donein a country where the state still dominates industry and thecurrency is only partially convertible. REUTER&#3;