A secondary market for resale offarm real estate loans similar to markets on home mortgages isgaining support in Congress and among rural lenders and couldbe set up this year, Congressional and financial sources said.    Several bills which would establish a farm secondary markethave been introduced in both the House and Senate. Furthermore,Representatives of the Farm Credit System, commercial bankersand life insurance companies are meeting in an attempt to agreeon a method of establishing the market.    Frank Naylor, chairman of the Farm Credit Administration,FCA, which regulates the farm credit system, yesterday said afarm loan secondary market would be positive for agriculture"as long as the farm credit system is a key player."    Naylor told a House Agriculture subcommittee hearing thesecondary market could be established either with Congressionallegislation or administratively.    Any farm loan secondary market would be modeled after thesuccessful resale markets in home mortgages, the GovernmentNational Mortgage Association, GNMA, and the Federal Home LoanMortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), industry sources said.    Commercial banks and life insurance companies are the mainsupporters of a farm loan secondary market since they believeit would allow private lenders to compete more effectively inrural lending with the quasi-government farm credit system,traditionally the largest lender to farmers.    A farm secondary market would allow lenders to sellhigh-quality loans on farmland to "poolers," who in turn wouldpackage the loans and issue farm mortgage-backed securities forresale to investors -- called Aggie-mae by some proponents.    The FCA and financially-troubled farm credit system have inthe past been ambivalent about the idea, mainly because anyfarm secondary market established in the private sector whichexcluded the farm credit system would put the system at acompetitive disadvantage and could be another financial blow tothe system, which has lost 4.6 billion dlrs in two years,Naylor and farm credit system officials have said.    However, the system and FCA have become more positive tothe idea recently because the system could benefit if it wereappointed the agent for a secondary market.    "If the farm credit system were the guarantor of the poolsof farm mortgage loans, it would benefit from the fees chargedfor providing this service," the Life Insurers' study said.    Congressional sources believe a secondary market availableto both private lenders and the farm credit system, with thesystem as agent, could be included in a major federalgovernment rescue package for the system to be drafted byCongress later this year.    A study commissioned by one of the main supporters of thesecondary market idea, the American Council of Life Insurers,concludes that the farm credit system's market share in rurallending would fall if a secondary market were established.    The study was released earlier today.    The study said a secondary market could be established withvirtually no federal money if the government provided aguarantee of 90 pct of the farm loans but a privateco-insurance plan guaranteed the first 10 pct of any losses.    It estimated between 500 mln and two billion dlrs of theeight billion in new farm real estate loans issued each yearwould qualify for the secondary market in the first few years,expanding significantly later as investors accept the idea.    The study also said interest rates charged to farmers whomeet the underwriting standards of a secondary market wouldfall 50 to 100 basis points due to the new resale market.    The possible interest rate declines are a major reason whyleading U.S. farm organizations such as the American FarmBureau Federation have recently endorsed the idea.    Proponents say a secondary market also would increaseliquidity in farm lending, and spread the risk of such loans. Reuter&#3;