The chairman of the Federal ReserveBoard, Paul Volcker, has written to the chairman of the HouseBanking Committee to raise concerns about legislative proposalsscheduled for consideration Wednesday.    Volcker told committee chairman Fernand St. Germain aproposal to deny primary dealer status to firms from countriesthat do not grant U.S. firms equal access to their governmentdebt markets might invite retaliation against U.S. firmsabroad.    He added, "even Japan, against whom this proposal seems tobe particularly directed," has started opening its markets.    In his letter, made available at the Treasury, Volcker alsosaid a proposal to ease debt problems of developing countriesby setting up a public facility to buy their debts owed tocommercial banks, was a problem.    "I believe that the prospect of debt relief would underminethe difficult internal efforts of the borrowing countries toachieve the structural reform that is needed regardless of thepolicies that are followed on servicing external debt," Volckersaid.    It might also cause private lenders to become reluctant toextend more credit to the borrowing countries, he said.    Volcker said he endorsed comments by Treasury SecretaryJames Baker "about the inappropriateness of using publicresources for purchasing private commercial bank debt, which weboth see as an inherent aspect of the proposed internationaldebt facility."    He also said a proposal for establishing formal proceduresfor international negotiations on currency exchange rates "isunrealistic and could well have damaging effects."    "For example, the bill's directive to intitiate negotiationsin order to achieve a competitive exchange rate for the dollar-- a matter upon which there can be considerable differenceamong analysts -- runs the risk of building up potentiallydestabilizing market expectations," Volcker said.    He recommended "we should not lock ourselves into formalizedprocedures for international negotiations" on exchange rates butinstead use other, more flexible means like the recent mmetingin Paris between U.S. treasury and central bank representativesand those of major trade allies. Reuter&#3;