Bolivia, once Latin America's mostdelinquent debtor, is preparing for a second InternationalMonetary Fund agreement after an economic stabilisation programhas effectively slowed inflation and reduced public spending.    A fund spokesman said an IMF team would visit La Pazshortly to discuss terms of the new agreement.    He said the IMF had disbursed 130 mln dlrs here and 20 mlndlrs are pending under the one year agreement that ends thismonth. The accord provided for a stand-by loan, a compensatoryfinancing facility and a structural adjustment facility.    The spokesman said that if the agreement is renewed,Bolivia can expect a further 60-mln-dlr stand-by loan over thenext 12 months.    Bolivia's agreement with the IMF, its first since 1980,opened the door to rescheduling negotiations with the ParisClub and Argentina and Brazil, which hold 2.5 billion dlrs ofBolivia's 4.0-billion-dlr foreign debt.    Central Bank President Javier Nogales told Reuters thenegotiations with the Paris Club, which have yet to befinalised, had been extremely successful.    Nogales said the Paris Club had agreed to rescheduleBolivia's debt over 10 years with five to six years grace andhad waived all interest payments until the end of 1988.    Bilateral discussions on interest rates continue, he said.    Nogales said Bolivia was expecting some 400 mln dlrs indisbursements this year from lender countries and internationalagencies, including the World Bank and the Inter-AmericanDevelopment Bank, although diplomatic and banking sources putthe figure at closer to 300 mln dlrs.    Nogales said Bolivia's net international reserves arearound 250 mln dlrs, up from one mln dlrs when President IctorPaz Estenssoro took office in august 1985. Nogales said thecapital flow on Bolivia's debt servicing versus new credits hadchanged from a net outflow of 200 mln dlrs in 1985 to a netinflow of 130 mln dlrs in 1986.    Bolivia's return from the financial wilderness follows pazestenssoro's economic stabilisation program. He inheritedinflation of 23,000 pct a year, state enterprises that werelosing hundreds of mlns of dlrs and a currency that traded onthe black market at up to 16 times its official rate.    Paz estenssoro froze public sector wages, set a market-related rate for the peso, introduced tax reforms and laid offthousands of workers in state corporations.    Inflation has been running at 10 pct a year for the pastsix months, according to the Central Bank, and the government expects the economy to grow three pct this year after a 14 pctcontraction over the last six years.    The government is also proposing a novel solution to itsdebt to commercial banks, some 900 mln dlrs, on which interesthas not been paid since March, 1984.    Nogales said that over the next few months Bolivia wouldmake a one-time offer to buy back all its commercial debt atthe price it trades on the international secondary market -- 10-15 cents on the dlr. He said Bolivia's commercial banksteering committee agreed at a meeting in New York to considerthe proposal, but it is still unclear what proportion of thecountry's creditor banks will take up the offer.    One foreign banker speculated that Bolivia might be able tobuy back up to 30 pct of its commercial debt paper under thedeal, mostly from small banks who have written off their loansto the country.    But he said the larger creditors were more interested in ascheme of debt-equity swaps, similar to that which has operatedin Chile for the past two years.    The Bolivian government has yet to draw up proposals fordebt-equity swaps, but the banker said it was planning toprivatise more than 100 state companies and these could serveas a basis for such a scheme.    Foreign bankers said this type of proposal might proveattractive to Bolivia in the long run, especially as thegovernment realises that it will have to attract a large amountof new capital in order to grow.    Planning Minister Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada told Reutersthat Bolivia was hoping for five to six billion dlrs in newinvestment over the next 10 to 12 years.    The government realises that in order to remain viable,Bolivia will need to develop new exports.    The price of tin, which accounted for some 45 pct ofBolivia's exports in 1984, has collapsed on the world markets,and gas, the country's major revenue earner, is in abundantsupply in the region. Reuter&#3;