Ecuador, stricken by a severe earthquake,is seeking through negotiations with private foreign banks topostpone all payments due to them for the rest of the year,Finance Minister Domingo Cordovez said.    He said in a statement, "The idea with the foreign banks isto obtain from them the best terms to give the Ecuadoreaneconomy a complete relief in the period of deferral of paymentson the foreign debt during the present year."    The statement referred only to payments due to privateforeign banks, a senior government finance official toldReuters.    These creditors hold two-thirds of Ecuador's foreign debtwhich totals 8.16 billion dlrs.    It did not refer to debts maturing to foreign governmentsand multilateral lending agencies, accounting for the remainderof Ecuador's foreign debt, the official said.    He said Ecuador owed the private foreign banks between 450and 500 mln dlrs in interest payments for the rest of 1987 andabout 66 mln in principal payments maturing this year.    Cordovez said Ecuador would seek new loans frommultilateral organisations. A World Bank mission was due heresoon to evaluate emergency loans, government officials said.    Ecuador has also appealed for emergencyaid from about 40 foreign governments.    Government officials have calculated losses to the 1987budget from last Thursday's earthquake at 926 mln dlrs.    In 1986, Ecuador's total service on the foreign debt wasabout 996 mln dlrs to all creditors.    The quake ruptured Ecuador's main oil pipeline, suspendingcrude exports for five months until the line is repaired. Oilaccounts for up to two-thirds of its total exports and up to 60pct of total revenues. Before the tremor, Ecuador suspendedinterest payments on January 31 to private foreign banks.    Officials said they stopped interest payments due to acash-flow squeeze stemming from a slide in world oil prices,which cut 1986 exports by about 25 pct to 2.18 billion dlrs.    Ecuadorean finance officials have been in telephone contactevery day this week with some of the banks who sit on its14-bank advisory committee, the senior government financeofficial said. The committee represents the country's 400 or soprivate foreign bank creditors.    Cordovez also said in the statement, "The banks shouldperceive that it is impossible at this moment to comply withwhat was forseen."    Cordovez added, Ecuador must make a new proposal in linewith the reality since the earthquake by seeking better optionsof deferment and of softening the negotiation conditions."    Interest payments fall due at least monthly to privateforeign banks.    Ecuador's initial proposal earlier this year was to makeonly one semi-annual or one annual interest payment this year.    Under this proposal, it sought to defer interest paymentsuntil June at the earliest, foreign bankers and governmentofficials here said.    Ecuadorean officials held their last formal meeting withthe advisory committee in New York in January, but thenegotiations were suspended on January 16 due to the 12-hourkidnapping of President Leon Febres Cordero by air forceparatroopers.    The Red Cross says that least 300 people died and at least4,000 are missing due to the earthquake. REUTER&#3;