American Express Co's &lt;AXP> presidentLouis Gerstner Jr. said a bear market will not effect hiscompany's long-term strategy.    "I don't think where the market goes over any month longperiod, two day period, or even six month period has anythingto do with our strategy," Gerstner told Reuters.    "We have built a strategy for our company that looks outover many years and anticipates a lot of change," he said.    Gerstner said the company's long term strategy is to buildand maintain a major position in the financial and travelservice industries. American Express is the 69 pct parent ofShearson Lehman Brothers Inc &lt;SHE>.    Gerstner would not comment on the share market tailspin.    However, American Express chairman James Robinson said in astatement that the company could endure the market turbulenceand was in a strong position for further growth.    "All brokerage firms make money if the market goes down orup," Gerstner told Reuters without elaborating.    Gerstner said Shearson had no plans to quit its municipalbond activities. "Shearson Lehman Brothers tends to adjust totrends in incremental steps. You will see it doing less of theconvulsive one-time changes that people in this industry willgo through," he said. Shearson recently laid off 150 people inLondon and is limiting hiring, but Gerstner said AmericanExpress remains committed to the London market and to having aglobal presence.    "That Shearson let a couple of hundred people go in Londonis not even an anthill on the landscape we're discussing. Weare discussing long-term strategy," Gerstner said.    Earlier this year, American Express sold 13 pct of itsstake in Shearson to Nippon Life Insurance Co of Japan and afurther 18 pct to the public. Gerstner said these moves "had noimplications of an exit from financial services."    "Our committment globally is represented by the Nippontie-up which dwarfs the fact we decided to reduce the size ofone department, in one company, in one of our subsidiaries," hesaid.    Many securities firms now are stressing merchant banking tobolster earnings hurt by bond market volatility, slow retailbusiness and a drop in underwriting volume.    When asked if more players would make the system morerisky, Gerstner said, "I can't comment on other firms, butShearson is not going to follow a feeding frenzy in thedirection of merchant banking. We are not going to overreach."    Gerstner also spoke about securitization, or therepackaging of debt as marketable securities.    "It is almost imperative to create a security backed by thefunds flowing from an LDC (lessor developed countries) debtprogram. It is going to happen, but it is very difficult tocreate a security in the current climate," Gerstner said.    "Securitized products could be structured for either theretail or institutional markets," Gerstner said.    "If you look at the junk bond phenomenom, it started outwith mostly institutional buyers. Primarily through mutualfunds, individual buyers became a presense in the market. I'dguess we'd see a similiar situation in LDC debt," he said.    "The fundamental thing that has to happen (before there canbe sucessful securitization) is that the debt burden on thecountries has to be reduced, and the amount of money comingfrom the commerical banks and the future call for money oncommercial banks has to be reduced," Gerstner said. Reuter&#3;