U.S. semiconductor manufacturers,struggling to stem a river of red ink, are increasingly lookingtoward customized designs rather than mass-market chips forfuture profits.    The market for customized chips - semiconductors designedfor a very specific application or product - is expected toexpand by 25 to 30 pct this year, compared with only about sixpct for the entire integrated circuit industry.     Market researcher Dataquest Inc estimates that sales ofcustomized chips totaled about 4.5 billion dlrs worldwide lastyear, about 12 pct of the total chip market. By 1990, however,customized chips are expected to represent a 12 billion to 15billion dlr market, about 25 pct of total chip sales.    More important for their vendors, because they are not astandard design customized chips represent a sellers' market,and prices and profit margins can be set accordingly.    High volume memory chips have become "a perfect commoditymarket," Robert Brodersen, a professor of electricalengineering at the University of California at Berkeley, toldan industry forum.    "The product is interchangeable between one manufacturerand another and customers base their buying decisions almostentirely on price," Brodersen said.     He predicted that, in the next few years, only a handful ofthe world's largest chip manufacturers (most of them Japanese)will produce memory chips, the standard electronic componentfound in everything from digital watches to computers. "Therest of the industry just won't be involved."    Last week's International Solid State Circuits Conference,the chip industry's annual forum for new developments, seemedto support Brodersen's prediction.     Of the 116 papers presented at the conference, some 40 pcthad Japanese authors, the first time they have outnumberd theUnited States. Most of the Japanese chip designs were in thememory category, including Nippon Telephone and Telegraph Co'sattention-grabbing 16 mln bit dynamic random access memory(dram) chip, 16 times more powerful than anything nowavailable.    The most advanced memory chip described by a U.S. companywas International Business Machine Corp's &lt;IBM> four mln bitchip, and IBM only manufactures chips for its own internal use,not for the open market.    The problem with memory chips is that they are all based onthe same, well known design standards, so they are easy to copyand inexpensive to manufacture. Because such large Japaneseconglomerates as Sony Corp &lt;SNE>, NEC Corp, &lt;NIPNY> Matushitaand Mitsui have their own enormous consumer and electronicsproduct lines, they also have a guaranteeed internal market fortheir chips, so they can produce huge amounts at a very lowcost per unit.    Customized chips, however, are designed for a specificcustomer, manufactured in small quantities and expensiverelative to standard chips. Computer markets are increasinglylooking to customized chips because they are difficult to copy,thus making the final product harder to clone as well.    Intel Corp &lt;INTC>, the leading manufacturer of themicroprocessors that form the brains of most computers, alertedthe industry to its intention to switch to customized chipslast fall.    The company, which just reported a loss for 1986, said itwill spend 75 mln dlrs over the next three years to turn itselfinto a leading manufacturer of custom and semi-custom chips.    Intel joins some 275 companies already competing for apiece of the customized chip business but it has an advantagethat the others do not. IBM, which owns a 20 pct stake inIntel, has agreed to share the designs for many of the 15,000chips it makes for its own use. Intel will customize thosedesigns and sell them to others.    It will also get to use IBM's proprietary computer systemfor designing chips, considered by experts to be one of themost advanced in the world.    Intel's success is still not guaranteed, however. Industryanalysts noted that it is far different to design a mass marketitem than a customized chip that requires a close workingrelationship with the customer.    Intel spent five years and 100 mln dlrs developing itsnewest 30386 microprocessor. A much faster turnarouond time,and much lower development costs, will be required forcustomized chips if the firm is to succeed. Reuter&#3;