Lloyds Bank Plc's &lt;LLOY.L> decision towithdraw from making markets in Eurobonds and U.K. Governmentbonds (gilts) sent shivers down the spines of other marketparticipants but was viewed as prudent by banking analysts.    "It (the move) really isn't a surprise. They lost a lot ofmoney in the early stages of the gilt market and now they wantto cut their losses while they can," said Keith Brown, bankinganalyst at Greenwell Montagu.    "The question now is how many other gilt market makers willface a similar fate," one senior gilt market maker said.    Eurobond market participants were equally stunned. "They arethe first firm of that size I can remember to have pulled outof eurobond market making altogether," said a member of theAssociation of International Bond Dealers London staff.    Other Eurobond market participants said that while Lloydshad frequently changed the staff of some of its eurobondoperations, it was hard to believe they were in trouble.    With this action Lloyds, the third largest U.K. clearingbank, becomes the first U.K. clearing bank to withdraw from thegilt market following the Big Bang deregulation of the LondonStock Exchange in October.    Earlier this year Midland Bank Plc &lt;MDBL.L>, the fourthlargest clearing bank, opted out of making markets in equitieson the grounds that the return did not justify the expense. Itcontinues as a market maker in gilts, however. In a preparedstatement, Lloyds Bank chief executive Brian Pitman said thebank had a "relatively small position in these two overcrowdedmarkets and we have decided to reallocate the resources toopportunities which promise a better return on our shareholdersinvestment."    Lloyds said it would maintain its presence in short-termsecurities trading, swaps and other treasury products.    Alan Moore, Lloyds Treasurer, told Reuters that thedecision was forward looking and followed a "strategic review" ofthe prospects for Lloyds in these markets. "We decided thereturn just was not attractive," he said.    Although the decision was made at a meeting of Lloyds boardthis morning, Moore said that it had been under considerationfor some time.    He denied that the move was a "reaction to events in thetrading room" although he acknowledged that the bank's giltoperations were not profitable in the early stages of the newmarket.    Greenwell's Brown noted that for all of 1986, LloydsMerchant Bank sustained a loss of 28 mln stg, most of which hesaid were accounted for by the Eurobond and gilt operations.For all of 1986, Lloyds reported a pre-tax profit of 700 mlnstg. "Lloyds is so big, it can easily absorb these losses," Brownsaid, noting that they are minuscule when compared with thebank's exposure to Latin America.    U.K. Clearing banks have come under pressure to increasetheir provisions against bad loans to third world countriessince Citibank announced plans to add three billion dlrs to itsprovisions in mid-May.    National Westminster Bank Plc &lt;NWBL.L>, the largest of theclearers, became the first of the U.K. Clearers to followCiticorp's &lt;CCI> move earlier this week when it said it wasadding some 466 mln stg to its sovereign debt provisions.    Lloyds has the second largest exposure to Latin Americaafter Midland Bank, the smallest of the four clearers.    Lloyds has said it is reviewing the situation and Mooredenied that today's action had any connection. "It is totallyunrelated," he said.    Trading in Eurobonds and gilts had ended by the time theannouncement was made. But market participants weredumbfounded.    "We only heard the news about 20 minutes before theannouncement. I had no idea it was coming. I don't know if Istill have job," said one trader at Lloyds who declined to beidentified. Lloyds' Moore said that the bank would do all itcould to redeploy the staff affected by the decision in otherparts of the bank. But even though Lloyds' share of thesemarkets was relatively small, other market participants,particularly in gilts, were unnerved.    One senior gilt market maker noted that the news comesduring a period when both gilt and Eurosterling markets havebeen battered by the lack of investor participation, followingthe June 11 U.K. general election.    Most firms had held long positions on expectations that areturn of the ruling Conservative party would prompt heavydemand. These expectations have failed to be met and bothmarkets have sustained sizeable losses since the election.    Lloyds has long been the subject of rumors that it wasexperiencing problems with its gilt operations and officialshave never denied that the early stages were unprofitable.    Gilt market sources suggested that one of the problemsfacing Lloyds on the gilt side was its decision to build up itsown team. It was the only clearer which did not purchase abroker or a jobber (middle man) in the run-up to Big Bang.    Under the old system, these functions have been conductedseparately but now market makers perform both tasks.    But even long before Big Bang, market makers had expresseddoubts that the gilt market would be large enough to sustain 27market makers, even if turnover increased substantially.    And with Lloyds withdrawal, many market makers believe thatsome of the remaining 26 may opt to bow out gracefully. Reuter&#3;