Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered byU.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, willtell U.S. Officials at talks later this month thatliberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,a senior ministry official said.    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drivesby other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products andit is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberaliseits farm import market," he said.    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also openits wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated toprotect local farmers.    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheatexports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due tovisit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will askJapan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers andremove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Marketshare here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, hasbeen trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-yearbeef accord next March 31.    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased salesfrom China and South America, while Japanese soybean importsfrom Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, althoughthe U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up itsbeef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrainimports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December whenUnder Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan hasthe potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representingsome one billion dlrs in new business.    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffsand Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese importcontrols on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan'stop business group Keidanren has urged the government to removeresidual import restrictions on agricultural products.    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotionalreaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issueshould not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in theindustrial sector.    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and theseissues should not be discussed on the same table," the officialsaid. REUTER&#3;