Dutch insurer AEGON NV &lt;AEGN.AS>reported a 6.4 pct increase in 1986 net profits to 327.1 mlnguilders and said it expected a moderate increase in profitsfor 1987.    Total revenue was eight pct lower in 1986 at 7.97 billionguilders vs 8.7 billion guilders in 1985. The company said itsrevenues were down due to lower foreign exchange rates and achange in accounting practice. It added that revenues wouldhave risen by about seven pct had those changes not occurred.    Revenue from Dutch operations rose five pct in 1986, mainlydue to its life insurance business.    Health insurance revenues in the Netherlands also rosedespite a notable shift to insurances with lower premiums andhigher personal risks.    Damage insurances made losses, mainly due to car damageinsurances. AEGON did not specify the loss.    In the United States, revenue in guilders from health andlife insurance was lower. AEGON said this was due to a changein accounting for U.S. Annuities.    AEGON said annuities are subject to such strong personalinvestment influences that it should be accounted differentlyfrom the more traditional insurances.    This change in accounting practice and another change toaccount for profits made on fixed interest investments,resulted in an incidental rise in net profits of 31 mlnguilders.    AEGON said incidental negative influences on net profitswere slightly higher, being the lower dollar rate, high initialcosts for new products, and the cost of new headquarters in TheHague.    In 1986, a large number of new insurance products emergedin the Netherlands and the U.S., AEGON said. Large initialcosts for these products have depressed net profits somewhat.    Monumental Corp, a U.S. Insurer which merged with AEGON inMay 1986, saw its profits almost completely eroded by thesecosts and made only a small contribution to the group'sprofits.    AEGON said it has written-off 657 mln guilders in goodwillfor Monumental Corp.    AEGON's net equity was 2.71 billion guilders in December1986, against 3.46 billion the year before.  REUTER&#3;