Preparations for the launch of a Swissoptions and futures exchange, billed as the first completelyelectronic market of its kind, are at an advanced stage,according to members of the project team.    The Swiss Options and Financial Futures Exchange (Soffex)is a new departure in that it will introduce an additionalrange of financial instruments and electronic trading methodsto the traditionally conservative Swiss market.    There will be no physical exchange floor and both tradingand clearing systems will be completely automated.    The new market, due to start operating in January 1988,follows a series of innovations by the bourses in Zurich, Basleand Geneva aimed at preventing loss of business in the face ofkeen competition from London and Frankfurt.    These innovations included the introduction last October ofcontinuous trading in major shares, plans to establish a singlecontinuously updated Swiss share index from next month tosupplement the various indices produced by the major banks atthe close of business, and experiments in electronic trading.    Banks themselves last year took the initiative of launchingcovered warrants on the shares of other Swiss companies.    "If Switzerland wants to maintain and expand itsinternational prominence in portfolio management, our bankersand fund managers must have the same modern instruments attheir disposal as their competitors," says Soffex presidentRudolf Mueller, a director of Union Bank of Switzerland.    The computer terminals on which business will be conductedwill be confined to Switzerland. It is still unclear how manySwiss-based institutions will seek membership of the exchange.    Formal applications are not due until next month but apreliminary survey completed by the Soffex project team thisweek showed strong interest in membership.    "The response from both Swiss and foreign institutions allover the country has been very encouraging," says PhilippeBollag of the project team.    Hans Kaufmann, who follows Swiss equities for Bank JuliusBaer, says a regulated traded options exchange should boostforeign interest in Swiss shares and possibly increase bourseturnover generally.    The possibility of protecting portfolios by hedging shouldattract Swiss institutional investors, Kaufmann added.    Soffex is a private company set up by the five major Swissbanks and the bourses of Zurich, Geneva and Basle.    Trading will initially be limited to stock options on 10 to15 leading Swiss bearer shares. An options contract on the newSwiss share index should follow within six months but tradingin financial futures will be delayed until an unspecifiedfuture date. Options on foreign shares may also be added later.    Participants will be either brokers or dealers, operatingin the market through computer terminals in their own offices.Trading must be conducted exclusively through the exchange.    Exchange membership is open to banks, traders and brokeragefirms with an office in Switzerland, while Clearing Membersmust be recognised as banks under Swiss law.    The trading system, based on Digital Equipment Corpsoftware and hardware, provides for the display of best bid andoffer prices, matches orders electronically, allows anonymousnegotiation of block orders and maintains members' order books.    An "interest" facility, aimed at helping participants togauge the market mood, shows the number of users watching aparticular instrument at any time. Most of the electronicclearing functions will be carried out overnight.    Each contract will cover only five shares instead of the100 shares normally traded on existing options and futuresmarkets in the United States, London, Amsterdam and Stockholm.    This reflects the fact that Swiss shares often costthousands of francs. Bearer shares in F. Hoffman-La Roche undCo AG &lt;HOFZ.Z>, likely to be on the Soffex opening list, werequoted this week at 209,000 francs each.    Contracts will initally be offered for the three end-monthsfollowing the trading date plus the subsequent January, April,July or October end-months. Longer maturities may be added infuture if market liquidity permits.    Detailed provisions have still to be worked out in areassuch as margin requirements, position limits, the supervisoryand regulatory functions of the exchange and brokerage fees.    Banks polled by Reuters in a random survey wereenthusiastic about Soffex but reticent about the level of theirown involvement and about the exchange's prospects for success.    "We're moving into completely new surroundings and it willrequire a change in psychology," said a securities dealer at amajor Swiss bank. "We in Switzerland are not used to sitting allday at a screen where nobody shouts at you."    Moving into traded options will also require considerableinvestment in equipment and staff by participants. Completelynew dealing and back-office skills will have to be acquired andsome banks are already sending staff abroad for training. REUTER&#3;