European coffee traders and roastersmay propose a new formula for calculating International CoffeeOrganization (ICO) coffee quotas at the end of their meetinghere this week, traders and officials told Reuters.    Although traders were unwilling to reveal details of thepossible new formula, they said it would give Brazil, theworld's biggest coffee producer, unchanged ICO quotas for thenext two years and could be a basis for renegotiation.    "The main sticking point on quotas has been Brazil'sattitude, and this compromise could be a solution, " one said.    However, the European coffee trade federation meeting,which began here today and is to continue to the end of theweek, has revealed gaps in the European position onre-introducing quotas.    Traders said that, as a whole, the trade side was againstre-introduction of ICO quotas, while roasters were generally infavour with the single proviso that there had to be someformula basis for re-allocating quota shares among producingcountries.    The roasters said the positions were generally fairlyclose, and problems with some Government officials.    Germany and Italy were cited as the extremes of polarizedGovernment attitudes, with most other countries on the fence.    Sources said Germany was the most extreme against quotare-introduction, while the Italians were most in favour.    "Nevertheless, we expect to find enough common ground by theend of the week to at least present a common European Community(EC) view at the next meeting of consumer members of theInternational Coffee Agreement (ICA) in July," one trader said.    "We hope we can present the compromise proposal and that notonly the consumer side, but the producer side will accept it,"one official said.    "We have learned that we can live without the quotas thatwere suspended in February last year, but would prefer thestability they can bring to the market as long as we do notsimply return to the old and outdated status quo as far asquota allocation is concerned," he added.    Overall, however, trader and roaster opinion on thelikelihood of a successful re-negotiation was mildlypessimistic, varying between a 50-50 chance and 60-40 against.    "Our main difficulty will be to persuade the U.S. On theconsumer side and Brazil on the producer side to agree to quotare-introduction, " he said.    "The U.S. Position has, if anything, hardened, while the newBrazilian Coffee Institute president has adopted the leastnegotiable position of any of his predecessors," one tradersaid.    "However, with many producers starting to swing in favour ofthe consumer position that quotas have to be re-allocated undera new formula, Brazil is becoming increasingly isolated, whichgives at least some hope of a compromise at the ICO quotameeting in September," the official said. Reuter&#3;