Daiwa Securities Co Ltd, of Tokyo,plans to open a new Canadian company after a June 30deregulation of the Ontario equity market is implemented, DaiwaSecurities general manager for Canada Hajimu Watanabe toldReuters in reply to query.    The Toronto Stock Exchange earlier announced Daiwa becamethe first Japanese company to acquire an exchange seat, paying361,000 Canadian dlrs, the highest price ever paid.    "This is a prelude of our establishment of a new Canadiancompany," Watanabe said.    Watanabe said Daiwa's new Canadian brokerage house willconcentrate on investment in Canadian stocks by Japaneseinvestors, Canadians acquiring Japanese equity, and governmentand corporate financing, mainly in the Canadian bond market.    "We have now a huge amount of demand on the part of Japaneseinvestors for Canadian stocks," Watanabe said.    "So if we can get membership of the Toronto Stock Exchange,that should support our business very much," he added. Daiwa'sapplication for exchange membership is subject to approval byother members and the Ontario Securities Commission.    When asked, Watanabe declined to specify how much capitalDaiwa, the world's second largest investment dealer, wouldinvest in its Canadian subsidiary.    "It is quite confidential at this moment, but say our mainintention is not to create any friction with the Canadianhouses," Watanabe said.    He said Daiwa could easily set up its new unit with onebillion Canadian dlrs of capital, "but we are starting at quitea moderate figure."    "But small means quite big in Canadian terms," he added.    Daiwa, which established a representative office in Canadain 1980, is ready to open its Canadian house as soon as Ontariosecurity deregulation is implemented on June 30, Watanabe said,adding Daiwa is very pleased with its reception by Canadianregulatory authorities.    Watanabe said about 10 pct of Japanese investment inforeign securities goes to Canada, ranking second to the UnitedStates which receives about 50 pct.    "The Japanese institutional investors feel that it is ratherrisky to concentrate around the 50 pct" in one country, he said.    Japanese institutional investors are trying to diversify toother non-American vehicles, and there are very few candidatesthat remain safe investment objects, Daiwa's Watanabe added.    Investors in Japan are also feeling it is risky toconcentrate in fixed income paper, and are looking more towardsinvestment in paper equity and real estate.   "So, investment in Canadian paper, especially Canadianequity, should have a great future," Watanabe said. Reuter&#3;