The head of a Philippine panel chargedwith selling the non-performing assets of government financialinstitutions said some 100 state-owned companies would also beput up for privatisation.    But David SyCip, chief executive trustee of the AssetPrivatisation Trust (APT), told a meeting of financialexecutives the APT has not yet received a list of the firms.    "I believe lead investor groups, people who see long-termpotential, are willing to buy such companies in full and do ahands-on job of running them," SyCip said.    SyCip said open bidding would be used to sell all assetshandled by the APT. He said bidding would be eitheropen-priced, if there were enough serious contenders, or theAPT would set a target price for acquisition. He added that thetarget price did not constitute a rigid floor.    "What we consider an acceptable price is a price at which aninvestor will earn an adequate return," he said.    SyCip said the bulk of the APT's current work relates tothe non-performing assets of the state-owned Development Bankof the Philippines (DBP) and the Philippine National Bank(PNB). The APT was set up in January.    SyCip said about 75 pct of the 400-odd assets that the DBPand the PNB are handing over to the APT are still in the formof financial assets.    "In some cases financial assets have been converted intophysical assets by foreclosures. They are fairly cut and driedbecause we are dealing with mostly whole production facilitieslike textile or food-processing plants," he said.    "Financial assets are more complicated. The only recourse isto foreclose, gain titles, and try to sell the asset, but thelaws here tend to favour the debtors," he added.    SyCip said although the APT is protected from prosecutionby its charter, many debtors are tying up the panel withlitigation.    "If you see some of the situations we have to work our waythrough you will see that our symbol, a Gordian knot, is an aptillustration," he said.    SyCip said the PNB has not succeeded in foreclosing on 16of the 17 sugar factories it wants to sell because of the highcosts involved. "When you do your arithmetic you realise that ifyou did foreclose your recovery would be only a fraction of theasset's book exposure," he said.    SyCip said the APT was not worried about whether associatesof former President Ferdinand Marcos, who originally owned manyof the bankrupt companies, would buy them back through theprivatisation scheme.    "We just look at the bottom line, which is to monetise theseassets to the maximum degree possible," he said. "We are sellingfor cash, it is not our concern where it comes from."    He said he had told cabinet ministers sceptical about theidentities of buyers that "Marcos cronies" could easily put uplegitimate fronts if they were specifically barred from biddingfor assets on the block.    "I told them if I am paid 20 mln pesos in 100-peso bills,all with identical serial numbers and they look like genuinelegal currency, then I would accept them'," SyCip said.    He said some participants in the government's debt-equityswap scheme were interested in buying non-performing assetswith the pesos they receive from such deals. The problem isgovernment regulations slow down approval of debt-equity plansand the APT normally demands full payment within 15 days.    "The Central Bank and Monetary Board could also look atinvestment funds earmarked for non-performing asset purchases,"he said. "It would greatly facilitate matters."    SyCip said last month the APT hoped to recover about 24billion pesos of the assets' total worth of 108 billion.    President Corazon Aquino announced earlier this month thatproceeds from the sale of APT-controlled assets would be usedto finance the government's land reform program, which aims todistribute about 9.7 mln hectares of land to poor peasants.    Asked why the APT did not favour Filipino buyers, SyCipsaid: "How much money has the country to lose because of this'Filipinos first' slogan? How many people have becomemillionaires and then forgotten the Philippines and put theirmoney in the United States or Australia?" REUTER&#3;