The U.S. asset-backed debt securitiesmarket, which grew explosively last year, is broadening andinvestment bankers say 1987 could see a variety of issuers.    "It is interesting to note that the first two asset-backeddeals of the year were done by commercial banks," said AnthonyDub, who heads First Boston Corp's asset-backed group.    BankAmerica Corp's &lt;BAC> Bank of America unit last weekissued 400 mln dlrs of securities backed by credit cardreceivables via sole manager First Boston. Dub said theoffering sold out quickly, mostly to institutional investors.    The Bank of America offering followed a January 16 issue of200 mln dlrs of similar debt by RepublicBank Corp's &lt;RPT>RepublicBank Delaware unit. Goldman, Sachs and Co ran the bookson that deal, with First Boston acting as co-manager.    However, Dub said the Bank of America securities were moreclosely related to the so-called "cars deals" that raced tomarket last year than were the RepublicBank securities.    "The RepublicBank issue was secured by credit cardreceivables. In contrast, the Bank of America deal was thefirst public offering of credit card receivables because weused a grantor trust vehicle," he said.    In a grantor trust, investors buy asset-backed certificatesthat represent a specified percentage of an undivided interestin the trust, analysts explained.    The Bank of America certificates were issued by CaliforniaCredit Card Trust A, which the bank established for that singlepurpose, investment bankers pointed out.    The debt has an average life of 1.79 years and matures in1992. First Boston gave the issue a 6.90 pct coupon and pricedit at 99.8125 to yield 6.95 pct, or 65 basis points overcomparable Treasury securities. Non-callable for life, the dealwas rated AAA by both Moody's and Standard and Poor's.    Underwriters away from the syndicate said they believed theBank of America deal was priced too aggressively. "AAA-ratedauto paper was trading about 75 basis points over Treasurieswhen First Boston priced the deal," one said.    However, Dub said the offering sold out quickly anyway.    The First Boston executive attributed this to the deal'stop-flight rating by both agencies, unlike many of last year'scars deals, which were rated by S and P alone.    "Investors receive interest only payments for the first 18months and then interest and principal payments for theremaining five to seven months," Dub detailed.    Investment bankers pointed out that because the Bank ofAmerica deal did not pay principal for a year and a half, theissue had a longer average life than some of the cars dealsthat were brought to market late last year.    The collateral for the trust includes a pool of VISA creditcard receivables, backed by a letter of credit. Bank of Americahas about four billion dlrs of credit card receivables, makingit one of the biggest in the U.S., analysts said.    Last week's deal was Bank of America's second foray intothe young asset-backed securities market, analysts noted.    In mid-December 1986 Bank of America sold, via CaliforniaCars Grantor Trust 1986-A, 514 mln dlrs of certificates backedby automobile receivables through Salomon Brothers Inc.    Upcoming asset-backed issues include 200 mln dlrs of notesbacked by the car leases of Volvo 1986 Lease Finance Corp, aunit of Volvo Finance North America Inc, via First Boston, and450 mln dlrs of notes secured by sales contracts of Mack TrucksReceivables Corp, a unit of Mack Trucks Inc &lt;MACK>, viaShearson Lehmand Brothers Inc.    The asset backed market, which began in March 1985, totalsan estimated 11.9 billion dlrs. Reuter&#3;