International Business MachinesCorp expects its new products and cost-cutting measures to havean increasingly positive impact as 1987 proceeds, chairman JohnAkers told the annual meeting.    Akers repeated his assessment of the company's outlook whenfirst quarter results were announced last week that "althoughthe worldwide economic situation remains unsettled, we see someencouraging signs."    He said IBM shipments in the first quarter exceeded the1986 level, "the first time that has happened since 1985."    Akers said that IBM will increase its emphasis on serviceand support of customers this year and that by the end of 1987it will have 20 pct more sales representatives and systemsengineers than two years ago.    He said the company is accomplishing this by both moving asmany existing employees as possible into marketing and throughnew hires.    Akers said IBM will increase its U.S. software programmingworkforce, both through retraining and hiring, by nearly sixthousands people over early 1985, to a yearend total of 26,000.    Last year IBM announced that it would try to reduce itsworkforce without violating its historical no-layoff policythrough early-retirement offers and retraining.    Earlier this month, the company introduced a new line ofpersonal computers and this summer it will begin shipping a newgeneration of minicomputers it hopes will compete successfullyagainst offerings from Digital Equipment Corp &lt;DEC>.    Akers said, "We expect our product announcements andresource-balancing measures to have an increasingly positiveimpact as 1987 proceeds."    Akers said that since last April the company's worldwideworkforce has been reduced by 11,000.    He said some 14,000 people have been moved from one IBMlocation to another, headquarters staff positions were cut by7,000 and the number of U.S. managers has been cut by 1,500.    Akers said IBM is "working hard to reduce our productcycle," which is the time between the cenception of a newproduct and its first shipment.    "We want to make this as short as possible and we aremaking progress," he said. Reuter&#3;