The European Community responded towidespread U.S. criticism of its trade policies by publishingan extensive list of U.S. actions which pose obstacles to ECexports.    A spokeswoman for the EC Commission said the detailed25-page report of alleged malpractices was in response to asimilar document issued by U.S. Administration officials inNovember, and updated a previous EC list.    EC External Trade Relations Commissioner Willy De Clercqsaid its object was to show such actions were not solely takenby trading partners of the U.S. And that "the U.S. Were notinnocents in the matter."    The report covers the entire field of EC-U.S. Commercialrelations and lists more than 30 obstacles ranging from tariffmeasures, import quotas, customs duties, anti-dumpingprocedures, fiscal barriers and export subsidies.    The Commission said not all the barriers mentioned werenecessarily inconsistent with U.S. International obligations,and emphasised many of them could be removed at upcominginternational trade talks. "The purpose of the report is to makeclear that trade practices which impede exports are not aunique problem only faced by U.S. Exporters. Europeans facesimilar problems in the U.S.," it said.    Among the obstacles detailed in the report are importrestrictions on food products, such as cheese, sugar and syrup,certain wines, beers and juices, as well as on firearms andmachine tools.    It also criticises programs to boost U.S. Cereals exports.The document said the U.S.'s three-year export enhancementprogram (EEP), which began in 1985, had subsidised exports of9.7 mln tonnes of wheat, two mln tonnes of wheat flour and 2.8mln tonnes of barley up to mid-March this year. The subsidiesgranted so far were worth about 620 mln dlrs, it added.    "The Community has already reacted where necessary to U.S.EEP subsidies by increasing its exports refunds, and willcontinue to do so," it said, adding the current GATT round wouldalso provide an opportunity to address the subject.    The document also says import quotas maintained by the U.S.On a range of farm products, including sugar, peanuts andcertain cottons, restrict EC exports.    In addition, the report deplores a recent U.S.-Japan accordon semi-conductors, export controls on technology transfers,standards tests in the telecommunications arena and the U.S.Administration's "buy American" public procurement policy. Reuter&#3;