U.S. Bond trading is likely to remaincautious in the near term with a possible downward price biasas market participants focus on trends in the dollar, theeconomy and Federal Reserve policy, economists said.    Most expect the economy to continue showing modest gains,that the dollar has more room to fall and that the Fed willkeep policy essentially steady, perhaps for several months.    Until trends are clearer, "the market can only attempt to toestablish and hold a new trading range at higher interestrates," said economists at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.    Merrill Lynch economists Raymond Stone and Ward McCarthysaid that while the fundamentals generally bode for a healthyinvestment climate, the market will have no confidence in thisenvironment until there is illumination of and confidence inU.S. Dollar/trade policy.    Salomon Brothers' Henry Kaufman said the bond market,highly sensitized to dollar movements, could be encouraged ifcurrency markets seem to be stabilizing or if U.S. And overseaseconomic growth is perceived as slowing sharply.    "The crucial question, however, is how soon either of thesedevelopments is likely to occur," Kaufman said.    "Market uncertainties and the erosion of portfolio managerconfidence could continue portfolio selling pressure a whilelonger," said Philip Braverman, chief economist at IrvingSecurities Corp.    However, Braverman said that, "from a longer termperspective, current (bond) prices provide a buyingopportunity."    Despite a nearly one-point bond price rebound Friday onunexpectedly weak March employment data, key 30-year Treasurybonds lost 2-1/4 points in price for the week as a whole andThursday's 7.93 pct closing yield was a 1987 high.    Braverman said historical evidence suggests that a longbond yield in the 7.93 pct area provides a basis for optimism.Bonds closed at 7.86 pct on Friday.    The Irving economist noted that three times last year, in asimilar "paroxysm of pessimism," the key bonds reached a similarclosing yield high. Within three to six weeks in each instance,however, Braverman said bond prices recovered to bring theyield down sharply by 63 to 82 basis points.    Mitchell Held of Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co Inc saidthat many portfolio managers now believe yields could approachnine pct by midyear, which he considers unlikely.    Held said that, since late 1986, Smith Barney analysts havespoken about the risk that interest rates could move higher andthey continue to believe that an upward bias is likely topersist over the next few months.    Held said that in conversations with portfolio managerslast week there appeared to be increasing belief that the raterise had just begun and that yields could approach nine pct bymidyear. Naturally, that would mean a sharp bond price fall.    "Yields could rise further over the next few months, but therise should be less than the 65 basis point rise we've seensince the start of the year," Held said.    Most expect Fed policy to be neutral for bonds near term.    "The Fed is currently frozen into a fixed stance," saideconomists at Aubrey G. Lanston and Co Inc.    They said the Fed cannot tighten policy and push upinterest rates as might be appropriate to stabilize the dollarand head off renewed inflationary psychology. That might harmthe fragile U.S. Economic expansion.    The Lanston economists said, "The Fed cannot ease its policystance to both foster more rapid economic growth and calmdomestic and Third World debt jitters without the threat ofcausing a further decline in the dollar."    Minutes of February's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC)meeting released Friday showed that while the FOMC left policyunchanged it was more inclined to firm rather than ease policylater if conditions in the economy, foreign exchange or creditmarkets warranted a policy shift.    However, economists generally believe that continued fairlysluggish U.S. Economic growth and the financial strains on U.S.Banks resulting from their problem loans to developingcountries rule out any Fed policy firming.    There is broad agreement among economists that the FOMC atlast Tuesday's meeting also left Fed policy unchanged.    This week's U.S. Economic data are expected to have littleimpact. February consumer instalment credit numbers are due onWednesday, with March producer price data out Friday.    There may be mild relief in some quarters that the U.S.Purchasing Managers Composite Index, a closely-watched economicindicator, rose only to 53.9 pct in March from 51.9 pct. AFriday rumor had put the number far higher. The index's firstquarter average also was 53.9 pct, translating into real GNPgrowth of about three pct if continued through 1987.    Federal funds traded at 5-15/16 pct late Friday and areexpected to open about there today with no Fed action seen. REUTER&#3;