Leaders of the nation's unionizedautomobile workers have signaled their intent for a major workstoppage later this year if General Motors Corp. &lt;GM> and FordMotor Co. &lt;F>  fail to satisfy demands for job security, payraises and protection against shifting U.S. production toforeign sources.    United Automobile Workers (UAW) president Owen Bieber wasloudly cheered by some 3,000 local delegates at a specialbargaining strategy convention yesterday when he declared the1.1 mln-member union is ready to go to "war" against the majorauto makers in support of its goals.    "It takes two to make peace, but only one to make war ...and if it's war, the UAW will be ready for it. War against theinsecurity of layoff," the UAW chief said.    The militant tone as the four-day convention openedunderscored the probability for bitter confrontation during thesummer's labor negotiations between the UAW and the autocompanies over new contracts covering some 500,000 U.S. workersat G.M. and Ford.    The current pacts expire September 14.    GM Vice President and chief labor negotiator Alfred Warrenrecently told Reuters that the 1987 bargaining round wouldlikely be the most difficult of the decade because of thecarmaker's drive to cut costs and shed uncompetitiveparts-making operations employing thousands of workers.    Job security has been the union's main theme for severalyears. A master resolution stating UAW goals notes that theunion's membership working in the auto industry has fallen by200,000 since 1978 to a current level of about 690,000.    GM was hit by a six-day selective national strike in 1984before signing its current labor agreement, which contains aone billion dlr job security fund to protect workers whose jobsare threatened by new technology or moves to outside suppliers.    At Ford, which has more than 8 billion dlrs in cashreserves and out-earned larger GM last year for the first timesince 1924, executives said they would oppose the UAW's demandfor a return to guaranteed percentage annual pay increases thatwere dropped in the last recession.    Ford has not been hit by a national strike since 1976,which has prompted some union analysts to suggest it is nowFord's "turn," to be the UAW strike target.    Bieber yesterday described the UAW's situation in 1987 as"crucial" in view of the growing penetration of the U.S. marketby imported cars and trucks as well as moves by the Detroitautomakers to use foreign and other non-union sources to securecheaper vehicles and auto parts.    He said the union will stress job security, annual generalpay raises, improved profit-sharing and limits on companies'ability to transfer work. Reuter&#3;