Ground-breaking new systems for storingand retrieving information are ushering in a new era forcomputer companies and computer users.    Within the past few weeks, International Business MachinesCorp &lt;IBM>, Eastman Kodak Co &lt;EK> and others have launchedproducts that radically increase the amount of data that can becatalogued and shelved in computerized libraries.    "This flurry of new technology could yield systems thathandle a multimedia blitz of data," said Ian Warhaftig, asenior analyst with International Data Corp, Framingham, Mass.    "We're developing new systems because our customers areasking for them," Peter Giles, vice president and generalmanager of Kodak's mass memory division, said in a recentinterview.    This demand is expected to soar in coming years. Whileestimates vary, industry analysts project that providingproducts and services geared for information storage andretrieval could become a 20 billion dlr a year business by1995.    A wide range of technologies will be needed to meet thevarying requirements of users.    For example, a large credit verification service would wanta system from which it could quickly retrieve credit data andrelay it to its clients. A law firm, however, may need acomputerized law library in which capacity, rather than speed,is the key feature. For architects and engineers, the abilityto store photographs, sketches and other graphics would becrucial.    Regardless of the specific application, the trend is towardconverting information - documents, video or film or even soundrecordings - into to the digital language of zeros and onesunderstood by computers.    Saving space is the key goal in digitizing data forstorage. An optical disk the size of a standard compact diskcan store 550 megabytes of data, or about 250,000 pages oftypewritten text.    For this reason, the compact disk read-only memory, orCD-ROM, is already a popular data storage media. Last week,Microsoft introduced Microsoft Bookshelf, a 300 dlr programthat contains, on a single CD-ROM disk, a dictionary,thesaurus, national ZIP code directory, Bartlett's FamiliarQuotations, the World Almanac and other reference works.    Scores of such products are already on the market, but mostare specialty items, such as Lotus Development Corp's &lt;LOTS>CD-ROM data base of stock information for financial analystsand investors. "Microsoft Bookshelf is important because itmarks the arrival of CD-ROM packages for the general public,"said Ian Warhaftig of International Data Corp.    One drawback of the CD-ROM, which uses a laser to recordand read data, is that that it requires a special player.CD-ROM players for the retail market will appear later thisyear.    Moreover, IDC's Warhaftig said CD-ROM's will be integratedwith personal computers.    "Eventually, CD-ROM's will fit right inside the PC box," hesaid. "Imagine the advantage of having a spelling checker andthesaurus at your fingertips when you're writing with a wordprocessing program."    But CD-ROM's are just the beginning. Also last week, Kodakunveiled several systems that use 12-inch optical disks. Thelargest Kodak system uses a jukebox-like cabinet to hold up to150 optical disks from which data can be retrieved in a matterof seconds.    Kodak also announced a 14-inch optical disk with 6.8gigabytes of memory, five times the memory of a CD-ROM. TheKodak disk, which will not be available until the middle of1988, is designed for users who need quick access to very largeamounts of data, said Kodak's Giles.    Meanwhile, N.V. Philips &lt;PGLO.AS>, the Dutch electronicsgiant, is preparing to take optical disk technology a stepfurther with the first disk that can combine text, video andsound. Philips said the system, called Called CD-Interactive,will be ready next year. It will include a new kind of CD-ROMplayer that can hook up with a television set and stereo.     Additional breakthroughs are expected as the nextgeneration of computer memory chips are introduced. Last monthIBM said it has made a four-megabyte chip, capable of storingmore data than eight CD-ROM's. Meantime, &lt;Nippon Telegraph andTelephone> of Japan said it has built a 16-megabyte chip.    Analysts say commercial versions of these chips are severalyears away, though some suspect that IBM may start volumeproduction of its four-megabyte chip sometime this year.    Such chips will enable computer makers to build computerswith immense memory capacities. Reuter&#3;