U.K. Bankers for the most part laudedoutgoing U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker for hisachievements over the past eight years but expressed someuncertainty about economist Alan Greenspan, nominated byPresident Reagan to succeed him.    "One of Volcker's greatest achievements was the sense ofcontinuity and stability he gave to the international markets,"said Carlos Santistevan, executive director of Libra Bank Plc.However, it is uncertain how long it will take for Greenspan tofill that role and the degree to which he can do so, he said.    Greenspan heads his own financial consulting firm,Townesend, Greenspan Associates Inc and was Chairman of theCouncil of Economic Advisers during the Ford Administration.    "He is a prominent and well known figure in the U.S." saidDavid Lomax, Group Economics Adviser at National WestminsterBank Plc, who described Greenspan as an "orthodox Republicaneconomist" who may be better suited to getting the U.S. Economyon track than Volcker.    But for the most part bankers in London are unfamiliar withGreenspan's views on domestic and international economics orthe international debt crisis.    "I will be sad to see Volcker go. He is a central banker ofgood repute with a general interest in protecting the U.S. Andinternational banking system," said Libra's Santistevan.    Volcker knows and understands the problems facing indebtedcountries, he said, adding that it is unlikely Greenspan is asfamiliar with the problem and the personalities involved.    For this reason he expects there will be little change inthe Fed's approach to the debt crisis, even as U.S. Commercialbanks take a harder line in dealing with the problem by addingbillions of dollars in reserves against possible losses onthird world debt.    Another senior banker who deals with the Latin Americandebt problem also doubted there would be much changepost-Volcker, but for other reasons.    He said that despite U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker'sdebt initiative which called for greater contributions bybanks, governments and multilateral organization, government'shave done little to try to improve the situation, leaving thebulk of the responsibility in the hands of the bankers.    Despite the Fed's independence from central government, hequestioned how much impact Greenspan could have coming into thejob so close to the next Presidential election.    News that Volcker would not seek a third term hit thefinancial markets hard.  The U.S. Dollar fell sharply onforeign exchange markets before reported concerted central bankintervention by the Fed and the Bundesbank helped it recoversomewhat. Prices of Eurodollar denominated bonds fell about onepoint, while prices of U.S. Treasury bonds traded here lostmore than one point.    But despite the disruption in the markets, Lloyds BankPlc's Group Economic Adivser Christopher Johnson said theannouncement was well-timed, given the recent rise in thedollar against the mark and yen.    In recent statements U.S. Officials have said the dollarhas fallen far enough and at a White House briefing todayannouncing his nomination Greenspan said "there certainly isevidence" that the dollar had bottomed out.    However, many economists here believe that the recent risein the dollar will be only temporary and that it will have tofall further before America's huge trade deficit begins toreverse.    "The dollar has further to fall, although it may take a fewyears" said Lloyds Bank's Johnson. He added that the importantthing is that there is a soft landing.    Like other economists, Johnson is anxious to hearGreenspan's testify at the Congressional confirmation hearings.    "He has everything going for him but he must establishcredibility. We have to hear his views on inflation and theoutlook for interest rates," he said.    Some bankers criticized Volcker for taking too hard astance in combating inflation in the late 1970's when histightening in U.S. Monetary policy pushed interest rates torecord levels.    "He tightened more than the Republicans wanted and onlyrelaxed his stance when the Latin American debt crisis erupted(in 1982)," National Westminster's Lomax said.    Lomax said that Greenspan, if appointed, will inherit theagreements entered into by Volcker with other members of theGroup of Five industrial nations on the dollar.    However, he said that the danger lies in dollar stabilitybeing maintained because of a monetary policy that is tootight. Too firm a monetary policy could send the U.S. Intorecession, which would not be welcome by European counterparts,he said. Reuter&#3;