Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves,swollen by strong trade surpluses to a record 53 billion U.S.Dlrs, are becoming a problem, government officials said.    Official figures show the latest level compares with theprevious record of 51 billion dlrs on March 4 and about 26billion in late March 1986.    Central bank Governor Chang Chi-cheng told reporters theincrease in reserves was the result of heavy intervention bythe bank on the local interbank market. It bought nearly twobillion U.S. Dlrs between March 5 and 23, he said.    Wang Chao-ming, vice chairman of the government's Councilfor Economic Planning and Development, told Reuters the risingreserves were "a big headache for Taiwan."    He said the government expects heavier pressure from theU.S., Where protectionist bills are being proposed againstnations such as Taiwan and Japan with large trade surpluseswith the U.S.    Wang said the government would launch new measures withinthe next two months to further reduce import tariffs and openthe market wider to foreign products, especially those from theU.S.    Wang said the measures aim at helping reduce Taiwan's tradesurplus, which rose to 2.73 billion U.S. Dlrs in the first twomonths of 1987 from 2.02 billion a year earlier. Nearly 90 pctof the surplus was with the U.S.    Vice Economic Minister Wang Chien-shien agreed with Wang'sremarks and said efforts to avert U.S. Protectionism wererunning out of time. "We must do it quickly or face retaliationfrom Washington," he said.    He said the measures would include removal of tradebarriers on insurance and inland services for U.S. Companies.    Chang Chi-cheng said the central bank could not stop buyingU.S. Dollars because of heavy sales by local exporters who fearthe strong local dollar will cause them exchange losses.    He said the bank is studying revision of the foreignexchange rules in hope of further reducing currency controls,but declined to give details.    The Taiwan dollar has risen about 15 pct against the U.S.Dollar since September 1985. It opened at 34.38 to the U.S.Dollar today and is expected to rise further to 33 in June andto 32 by end-year, some foreign bankers said. REUTER&#3;