The new International Natural RubberAgreement (INRA), like the 1979 pact, will use a buffer stockas the sole instrument for market intervention -- excludingexport quotas or production controls.    The new INRA was adopted yesterday at a session held underthe auspices of the United Nations Conference on Trade andDevelopment (UNCTAD).    In many respects the main features in the new pact resemblethose contained in the present one.    The reference price, currently 201.66 Malaysian/Singaporects per kilo, will be maintained -- unless between now andOctober 22, when the 1979 INRA expires, the average of thedaily market indicator price remains above the upperintervention ("may sell") price (231 cts) or below the lowerintervention ("may buy") price (171 cts) for six months.    If this happened -- but delegates said it was unlikelyconsidering that the present indicator price averages 196 cts-- the price would be revised under the current accord by fivepct or by whatever amount the International Natural RubberCouncil decides.    The new reference price would then be taken over for thenew agreement.    Under the same circumstances in the new pact the referenceprice would be automatically revised by five pct unless theCouncil decides on a higher percentage.    Similarly, if buffer stock purchases or sales amounting to300,000 tonnes have been made since the last revision, thereference price will be lowered or raised by three pct unlessthe Council decides on a higher percentage.    Another change introduced in the new INRA is that pricereviews will be held at 15-month intervals instead of 18.    Those changes are intended to make the reference price moreresponsive to market trends.    As in the present accord the "may buy" and "may sell" levelsare set at plus or minus 15 pct of the reference price, and the"must buy" and "must sell" levels at 20 pct of it.    The lower and upper indicative prices (floor and ceilingprices) will remain fixed at 150 and 270 cents, unless theCouncil decides to revise them at reviews held every 30 months.    During the negotiations, consumers abandoned a proposalthat the floor price be adjusted downward if the buffer stock,currently 360,000 tonnes, rose to 450,000 tonnes.    The maximum size of the buffer stock in the new pact is thesame as under the present one -- 400,000 tonnes, with provisionfor an additional contingency buffer stock of 150,000 tonnes.    Under the new accord, the contingency buffer stock will bebrought in at 152 cts to defend the floor price.    At last Friday's session, Ahmed Farouk, speaking forproducers, said producing nations considered that the 1979 pacthad served the purpose for which it had been created.    Gerard Guillonneau of France, who spoke for consumers,agreed that the current agreement had worked "relatively well."    Asked about the chances of success of the new INRA,delegates noted that for nearly its whole life, the 1979 accordhad maintained the average price above the "must buy" level.    They said the agreement until now did not appear to haveencouraged excessive production of rubber.    In addition, provisions for borrowing to finance the bufferstock have now been eliminated, ruling out speculation. "It is asort of middle-of-the-road agreement," one delegate said.    The new pact will be open for signature at U.N.Headquarters in New York from May 1 to December 31 this year.    To become operational, it will require ratification bycountries accounting for 75 pct of world exports and 75 pct ofworld imports.    Delegates estimate that this will take 12 to 14 months fromnow. During the hiatus between the two agreements, theInternational Natural Rubber Council will remain in place.    The pact will enter into force definitively whengovernments accounting for 80 pct of world exports and 80 pctof world imports have ratified it. REUTER&#3;