Commerzbank AG &lt;CBKG.F> managementboard chairman Walter Seipp said that from the presentviewpoint the bank must expect 1987 full operating profit to belower than in 1986.    In the first two months of the year, partial operatingprofit -- excluding trading on the bank's own account -declined, he said, without giving details.    The interest surplus fell 2.8 pct compared with 2/12ths of1986 results, while the commission surplus, because of thequiet stock exchange business, fell back still more strongly.By contrast the personnel and fixed asset expenses increased.    German banks do not report full operating profit. But Seippsaid last year the figure for the first time had topped onebillion marks for the parent bank, and the group result wasaround 50 pct higher than this.    Commenting on 1986, Seipp said, "we were able to raise thefull operating profit...Slightly above the record result of1985 because own account profits increased slightly."    He gave no concrete details but added that in January andFebruary, good own account trading profits meant that the dropin full operating earnings was more modest than that in thepartial operating figure.    The bank would, as a result, be more profit-oriented infuture, developing, for example, more into investment banking,keeping a tight rein on personnel costs and dampeningexpenditures on fixed assets.    Turning to 1986 results, Seipp said by year end there hadbeen a strong growth in business volume.    Over the year business volume rose by 9.9 pct to 93.2billion marks compared with 1985, Seipp added.    Group balance sheet volume rose by 8.0 pct to 148.15billion. It would have been around five billion marks higherstill if currency relationships had remained unchanged.    In the parent bank, the interest surplus rose nine pct inthe year, while the interest margin held roughly at 1985's 2.56pct despite pressure on credit rates.    The surplus on commission business, which had soared by aquarter in 1985, rose by 11.6 pct last year thanks almostexclusively to growth in securities commissions, Seipp said.    Personnel expenditure was up 11.9 pct last year, at morethan 1.5 billion marks. Fixed asset expenditure rose by 9.6 pctto more than 650 mln.    As a result, the parent bank partial operating profit roseby 3.2 pct to 752 mln marks.    Parent bank tax payment rose to 244 mln marks last yearfrom 233 mln in 1985.    Seipp said extraordinary earnings included a "hightwo-figure million" in profit from the sale of the bank's AEG AG&lt;AEGG.F> shares to Daimler-Benz AG &lt;DAIG.F> during the latter'smajority stake purchase booked last year.    The ability of the bank to write off depreciations incredit business against profits from securities trading andearnings on the sale of stakes had been utilised, as in prioryears, to its full extent.    Because of numerous insolvencies at home, by far thelargest part of the provisions were set aside for individualwrite-downs from domestic business. Abroad, the circle ofproblem debtor countries rose last year, although the ratio ofcredit exposure to provisions improved further.    Seipp said that because about half the group's exposure toproblem nations was in dollars, the bank had swapped intodollars individual provisions hitherto held primarily in marks.    "This means that no open currency positions exist any longeron the amount of the provision that is made against an actualdefault," he added.    Despite the increase in concern over debtor nations in thelast few weeks, he said, the international banking community isbetter armed than it was against payment problems.    All banks had significantly strengthened their capitalbase, most European banks had made considerable provisionsagainst bad debts while goverments and central banks werebetter prepared for unforseen difficulties.    He described debt-equity swaps as a very interesting newapproach to indebted nations' problems. There was a lot ofinterest in direct investment via an equity participation inLatin America, particularly from West German firms. Reuter&#3;