The Securities Industry Associationbacked a variety of restraints on insider trading and hostilecorporate takeovers and asked Congress to define insidertrading in law.    The industry trade association called on U.S. securitiesfirms to take steps to protect sensitive corporate secrets toguard against illegal trading by employees.    The association also backed broad federal restrictions on avariety of tactics used in hostile corporate takeovers.    But it said investment banking firms should be allowed tocontinue to engage in both arbitrage and merger and acquisitionactivities so long as those functions were kept separate.    The SIA, in a report adopted yesterday by its board ofdirectors, backed a higher enforcement budget for the federalSecurities and Exchange Commission and called on U.S. stockexchanges to beef up their supervision of member brokerages.    The report said securities firms "should be more rigorous inrestricting sensitive information on a need-to-know basis."    It said firms should train their employees to understandthe need for confidentiality of market-sensitive information.    It said legislation to define insider trading should avoidexpanding current law in a way that would impede the market.    It said an insider trading definition should exempt asecurities firm from liability for law violations by itsemployees unless the firm had participated in or was aware ofthe wrongdoing.    In the mergers and acquisitions area, the associationadvocated a ban on greenmail payments or poison pill takeoverprotection plans without prior shareholder approval.    It said a group or individual buying up a company's stockshould be required to file a public disclosure statement beforeacquiring more than five pct of the company's shares. Undercurrent law, disclosure may be made as late as ten days afterexceeding the five pct limit.    The association said all purchases exceeding 20 pct of acompany's voting stock shouls be made only through a tenderoffer open to all shareholders. Under current law there is nolimit on open market purchases.    The group said the federal government should preempt stateregulation of defensive takeover tactics.    The group said all tender offers should remain open for atleast 30 calendar days.    The current requirement is expressed in business days.    It said so-called "lockup" devices, in which securities areissued to a friendly investor to seal a takeover deal or fendoff an unfriendly predator should be limited to 18.5 pct of thetarget company's total common stock.    Association president Edward O'Brien said the group actedout of concern over the ad hoc restructuring of corporateAmerica on Wall Street and investor fears about insider tradingand fairness in the marketplace. Reuter&#3;