Today's sharp sell-off of Swiss stocks andmatching falls around Europe may have been overdone, but themood on financial markets is precarious, Swiss securitiesanalysts and economists said.    Panic selling took Swiss shares down six pct at the openingon enormous volume, triggered by the slide on Wall Street andthe threat of renewed currency instability.    "I have never experienced anything like this, and I've beenin the business for 20 years," said Bernhard Wyttenbach, head ofEuropean research at Union Bank of Switzerland.    The analysts blamed the sell-off in Europe on U.S. Monetaryauthorities. This weekend, U.S. Treasury Secretary James Bakerpublicly voiced his displeasure with West German monetarypolicy. He said the eight-month-old Louvre accord to stabilisecurrencies was still working, but added: "On the other hand, wewill not sit back and watch surplus countries jack up interestrates and squeeze growth on the expectation that the UnitedStates will raise rates."    Hans Peter Ast of Societe Generale Alsacienne (Sogenal) inZurich said: "The situation is very dangerous. Statements by theU.S. Authorities have fuelled anxiety about interest rates."    Herbert Fritschi, director of Zurich Cantonal Bank'sfinancial research department, called the sell-off "overdone,"but warned that the situation could worsen unless central banksloosen their monetary policy.    "I think the trend toward higher interest rates is over," hesaid. "The Federal Reserve and the Bundesbank have to step inwith an easy money policy, or else there is going to be aneconomic catastrophe. They have to act quickly."    Wyttenbach said the "Black Monday" sell-off was clearlyexaggerated, with Swiss Reinsurance Co participationcertificates falling 20 pct in value at one point.    But Wyttenbach said he did not believe that a correctionwould come soon. First, the bad news will reach small investorsonly in time for tomorrow's market, when there could beanother, smaller selling wave.    "As soon as the dollar stabilises -- and that's the key --then we'll get a strong movement upward," Wyttenbach said. Butthat may not come soon.    "People are simply worried that in America, where the markethas now fallen by 18 pct since August, the bull market is over,"he said. "People are afraid that we'll have a recession in 1988."    Baker was wrong to blame the West Germans for the currentproblems and the weak dollar, Wyttenbach said. "We do not have amark problem, we have a dollar problem," he added, but said thebiggest culprit was the new chairman of the U.S. FederalReserve Board, Alan Greenspan.    Wyttenbach recalled that Greenspan had suggested that thedollar might be too high in the medium term and that interestrates might have to rise. "As a central banker he shouldn't dothat," Wyttenbach said. "There is a danger that we will fall backinto the 1970s," he said. "We have a real crisis of confidence inGreenspan. I would much rather have a Volcker."    Paul Volcker retired as Fed chairman on August 11.    Cantonal Bank's Fritschi said: "I'm relatively optimisticbecause the situation looks too bad. The Fed certainly has tointervene."    He said he did not expect the Swiss National Bank to takeany significant steps, adding that the focus of attentionremains on the United States.    "The panic started in New York, it has to end there."    The Cantonal Bank sent an advisory to customers suggestingthey not sell into a panicked market, but wait a while beforedeciding what to do. REUTER&#3;