Venezuela's central bank has orderedVenezuelan banks and exchange houses to cease foreign exchangeoperations with brokers based outside the country, according toa copy of a central bank telex made available to Reuters.    The measure, confirmed by a brokerage firm here, haseffectively cut off all foreign participation in Venezuela'svolatile currency market.    The telex, issued on May 19, was signed by Carlos HernandezDelfino, manager of the bank's department of internationaloperations.    The telex said the restriction on business with foreignbrokers is in line with an earlier measure prohibiting foreignexchange houses from selling dollars or other foreigncurrencies to anyone living outside Venezuela.    In recent weeks the Venezuelan government has deniedrumours that it intends to impose foreign exchange controls toprop up the weakening bolivar.    But brokers said the central bank's move is seen as a defacto currency control. "It is definitely a control in the sensethat there's no longer complete freedom to operate," one brokerhere said.    "Gradually they're imposing restrictions and the directionis towards complete control," the broker said.    The broker, who requested anonymity, said virtually all hisVenezuelan customers had stopped doing business with him sincethe central bank issued the telex and followed it up withtelephone calls.    He said that before the restriction was imposed the volumeof his firm's transactions with Venezuela was about 10 mln dlrsa day. "It was a frenetic market, it was really quite active," hesaid.    The broker said he saw no logical explanation for theprohibition because his firm only acted act as an intermediarybetween Venezuelan brokers, exchange houses and banks.    "We weren't buying dollars from Venezuelans, that'sridiculous," he said. "They've been on a rampage againstforeigners."    The broker noted that two months ago Venezuela's centralbank quietly announced that banks doing foreign exchangebusiness outside Venezuela would have to respect a new 200 pctreserve requirement.    In February, the central bank also prohibited trading inbolivar futures, the broker said.    "We used to have a forward market," he said. "For a smallcurrency it was miraculous."    He said the bolivar, which averaged 20.29 to the U.S.Dollar in 1986, would continue to slip from its current rangeof 28.35 to 28.50 because the central bank was rapidly runningout of foreign reserves to support the currency on the freemarket. REUTER&#3;