The Philippines' first quarter growthfigures released yesterday indicated the government was likelyto achieve its 1987 targets, Central Bank governor JoseFernandez said in an interview.    The National Economic Development Authority (NEDA)announced yesterday gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.78 pctand gross national product (GNP) 5.53 pct in the first quarterfrom a year earlier.    "I don't see anything on the horizon that should cut it(growth) short," Fernandez said.     NEDA said GNP had grown 3.56 pct and GDP 3.25 pct in thefourth quarter of 1986 from a year earlier. Last year's GNPgrowth, put earlier at 0.13 pct, was revised to 1.51 pct.    "Certainly I do not see any shortage in external resourcesand if GNP growth continues at this level I would assume thatdomestic resources on the fiscal side would be generated andwould not be a stumbling block," Fernandez said.    "I think even before the figures came out, simply looking atkey indicators, such as consumption of fuel oil and power,showed that the economy was on a different track from lastyear," he said.    Fernandez said consumption tended to be heavier in thefirst and second quarters because of the dry weather, and itcould drop off in the third quarter.    He said the most significant sign of recovery lay in themanufacturing sector, which grew by 9.64 pct, after declines in1985 and a slow turnaround in the second half of 1986.    "That is not a seasonal thing, it is secular," he said.    He said the government had met all monetary targets set forthe first quarter in consultation with the InternationalMonetary Fund (IMF). It expected to draw down the fourthtranche from its 198 mln SDR stand-by arrangement soon.    The Philippines has so far drawn three tranches totalling58 mln SDRs from the arrangement expiring on April 23, 1988.Fernandez said an IMF mission would visit here in July orAugust to review performance in the January-June period.    He said IMF repayments were projected to total 1.56 billiondlrs over the 1987-92 period and drawings only 236 mln dlrs.Repayments were inevitable and many countries would find theirnet repayments to the IMF rising in the next few years.    "It means that since there will be a net drain on ODA(official development assistance) accounts the commercialbanking system will be requested to hold the line," he said.    It is an internal constraint that exists because the IMFdebt cannot be rescheduled, Fernandez said.    The Philippines rescheduled 10.3 billion dlrs of its 28billion dlr foreign commercial debt in March.    Fernandez said Central Bank bills, introduced in March 1984to mop up excess liquidity, had peaked at 43.1 billion pesos inApril 1986. But their unwinding on maturity dates, started inOctober last year, had almost been completed.    He said auctions of treasury bills, whose outstanding leveltouched 95.44 billion pesos on May 20, were going well."Treasury bills will remain a basic monetary tool," he said.    Commenting on the country's foreign debt Fernandez said, "Ithink the Philippine debt stock looms large because our ownreceipts from exports have not taken the same kind of leapforward as might have been suitable."    The foreign debt is projected by the Central Bank to reach29.04 billion dlrs by the end of 1987.    NEDA said exports totalled 1.2 billion dlrs in the firstquarter, while imports were 1.4 billion dlrs.    Fernandez said the government had targeted GNP growth ofbetween six and 6.5 pct this year. He cautioned that whilegrowth so far was high the targets had not yet been achieved.    Fernandez said he saw no merit in arguments by someeconomists that the peso, currently pegged at 20.50 to thedollar, ought to be devalued to make the country's exports morecompetitive.    "By being pegged to the dollar on a basket basis the pesohas already substantially devalued against all of the country'strading partners," he said.    On the proposed Omnibus Investment Code, he said he wasopposed to a clause which would allow the unrestrictedrepatriation abroad of investments made during the first twoyears after the imposition of the Code.    The imposition of the Code, scheduled for last January, hasbeen delayed by objections from some business groups.    "I think any central bank, certainly this one after theevents of the past two or two and a half years, has to beprudent. This is not the time to throw all caution to the windsand I'm not about to do that," Fernandez said.    "It would be ideal if we reach a point where movement ofcapital and earnings can be free," he said.    "We have had one year of reasonably good results. Certainlywe continue to have a fairly heavy drain on our externalavailabilities simply by servicing our debts." REUTER&#3;