Taiwan's state-owned China ShipbuildingCorp (CSBC) plans to seek joint production agreements withJapan and further diversify into ship repairing to try to trimits debts, chairman Louis Lo said.    He told Reuters in an interview that CSBC's first jointproduction venture, to build two hulls for &lt;Onomichi DockyardCo Ltd>, was a success. Talks on similar projects have beenheld with other Japanese firms, including Mitsubishi HeavyIndustries Co Ltd &lt;MITH.T> and Ishikawajima-Harima HeavyIndustries Co Ltd &lt;JIMA.T>, he said.    Lo said CSBC delivered the hulls of two 2,200-TEU (twentyfoot equivalent unit) container ships this year to Onomichi,which would complete production.    "We expect the successful cooperation between us andOnomichi will pave the way for further cooperation with otherJapanese shipbuilders in the future," Lo said.    He said Japanese firms would gain from the lower cost ofshipbuilding in Taiwan while CSBC would benefit from Japanesetechnology and marketing. This would pose a challenge tocompetitors in Europe and South Korea.    Lo said CSBC has made losses of about 100 mln U.S. Dlrssince beginning operations in 1975. Its total debt now standsat about 500 mln dlrs, with annual interest payments of nearlythree mln dlrs.    But he said the company, which is Taiwan's largestshipbuilder, still has full government support and had begundiversifying into ship repairing and manufacture of pipes andother machinery.    "We hope we can survive and prosper through diversification,"he said.    Lo said income from ship repairing almost doubled to 20 mlnU.S. Dlrs in the year ended June 1986 compared with theprevious financial year. He estimated income would rise to morethan 25 mln dlrs in 1986/87.    CSBC has orders to build 10 ships totalling 460,000 deadweight tons (dwt) this financial year, compared with 11 shipsof 462,000 dwt in 1985/86, he said.    Lo said the prospects for shipbuilding were gloomy at leastuntil 1991 due to overtonnage, but the outlook for shiprepairing was bright. REUTER&#3;