Dome Petroleum Ltd, earlierreporting a 2.20 billion dlr 1986 loss compared to year-earlierprofit of 7.0 mln dlrs, said the loss was mainly due to writedowns totalling 2.084 billion dlrs before a reduction indeferred income taxes of 571 mln dlrs.    The loss also includes 214 mln dlrs in accumulated foreignexchange losses, the company said.    "The dramatic drop in energy prices in early 1986 reversesmuch of the progress the company has made in the two previousyears," Dome chairman J. Howard Macdonald said in a statement.    "But even a net loss of this magnitude has very littlebearing on the day-to-day operations of Dome," chairmanMacdonald said.    "It merely reflects the realistic carrying value of thecompany's assets in today's economic environment, and theabsolute need for reaching a timely agreement with our lenderson a debt restructuring plan to assure the company's continuedexistence," he added.    Dome is now trying to reach agreement on a complex plan forrestructuring debt of more than 6.10 billion dlrs.    Dome said it charged the 214 mln dlrs in accumulatedforeign exchange losses to current expenses because of theuncertainty arising from its proposed restructuring plan.    Normally the expenses would be amortized over the remainingperiod of the loans to which they apply, it said.    Dome also said the write downs included a fourth quarterreduction in the value of its oil and gas properties of 1.20billion dlrs, before a reduction in deferred income taxes of305 mln dlrs. The fourth quarter writedown was in addition to acharge of 880 mln dlrs on certain other assets, taken mainly inthe third quarter.    Dome said the 1.20 billion dlr fourth quarter chargeresulted from a year-end accounting change made under new fullcost accounting guidelines by the Canadian Institute ofChartered Accountants.    The company said it previously determined a write down ofconventional oil and gas properties was not required atSeptember 30, under the previous method of calculating thelimitation of oil and gas values.    Dome said the most significant accounting change under thenew guidelines is using current oil and gas prices incalculations instead of escalating price forecasts.    Terms of Dome's proposed debt restructuring plan precludethe company from making an accurate estimate of futurefinancing costs, which are used in the new accountingcalculations, it said.    As a result, Dome adopted current prices and costs and a 10pct discount factor in the calculations, which substantiallyconform with accounting rules prescribed by the U.S. Securitiesand Exchange Commission, the company said.    Dome said operating income from its crude oil and naturalgas segments fell by 2.50 billion dlrs to a 1986 loss of 1.71billion dlrs from prior year earnings of 737.0 mln dlrs.    Dome said the steep drop in crude oil and natural gasoperating income was due to write downs totalling 1.93 billiondlrs and lower energy prices that sharply reduced revenue.    Reduced production of natural gas and lower utilization ofDome's offshore drilling fleet in the Beaufort Sea alsocontributed to the decline, it said.    Earnings from its natural gas liquids business fell by 79pct to 42.0 mln dlrs from 199 mln dlrs in 1985.    Cash from operations dropped to 5.0 mln dlrs from year-ago542.0 mln dlrs and unrestricted cash balance declined to 202.0mln dlrs from 466.0 mln dlrs.    Dome said 1986 crude oil production in 1986 was maintainedat prior year's levels through new drilling activity andimprovements in productivity.    Natural gas production fell by nine pct as a result oflower domestic and export sales, it said.    Oil and field natural gas liquids production totalled86,000 barrels a day, compared to 87,000 bpd in the prior year.    Natural gas production fell to 536.0 mln cubic feet a dayfrom 591.0 mcf a day. Reuter&#3;