Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T>, the Japaneseelectronics group which plans to enter Britain's liberalisedtelecommunications equipment market, risks becoming the firstcasualty in the current war of words over trade between Japanand the U.K., Government and industry sources said.    U.K. Authorities have lost patience with Japanese tradingpractices and said they are seeking ways to retaliate withoutunleashing a damaging trade war. "Toshiba's timing seems mostunfortunate for the company, as it comes exactly when we arelooking for someone to punch," one official told Reuters.    Earlier, &lt;Toshiba Information Systems (U.K.) Ltd> said itwanted to enter the British business facsimile and keytelephone market. A facsimile machine sends printed data overtelephone lines, while a key telephone system is used forswitching calls within a business, industry sources said.    The move by Toshiba comes in the middle of a dispute overJapan's refusal to open up its telecommunications market toforeign companies. "Toshiba's timing is most extraordinary," oneofficial at the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) said.    Tomorrow, the U.K. Government will consider what legalaction it can possible take to press for Japanese reform.    Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has given notice that theU.K. Would fight the Japanese government's attempt to preventCable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L> from taking a significantposition in a new Japanese international telecommunicationsventure. "We regard this as a test case," she told Parliament.    But while the U.K. Is keen to see some movement on theissue by Japan, it is also worried that recent anti-Japaneserhetoric may cause developments to get out of hand, officialssaid.    Japanese officials in Tokyo today reiterated that Japan hadno plans to bow to U.K. And U.S. Pressure to give foreigntelecommunications firms a bigger role there.    The government, for which competition and the deregulationof markets are major political themes, is unlikely to makefinal decisions tomorrow on how to act against Japan, officialssaid.    Detailed consideration of the issue has been shelved duringThatcher's official visit to the Soviet Union, which endstoday.    "We are waiting for the Prime Minister to decide what to do.The DTI will pass the ball to her as soon as she returnstonight," a DTI official said.    He said Toshiba's application would be considered by theOffice of Telecommunications (OFTEL). An OFTEL spokeswoman said"a decision on this application will take weeks, maybe months."    Asked whether Toshiba's bid would fall victim to Britishretaliation, the OFTEL spokeswoman said: "Who knows what's goingto happen given the current situation!"    A Toshiba executive, who asked not to be named, toldReuters: "We do not anticipate any special problems."    Some analysts queried by Reuters questioned the basis ofBritain's strong stand on the Cable and Wireless bid. One saidthat the company's proposal was equivalent to a Japanesecompany wanting to take a stake in Mercury International, thesubsidiary of Cable and Wireless that is the only realcompetitor of British Telecommunications Plc &lt;BTY.L>.    British Corporate Affairs minister Michael Howard leavesfor Japan on Saturday.    The minister will seek a clear timetable from Japan foreasier access for British institutions to Japanese financialmarkets, reciprocating the easy access Japanese securitieshouses and banks have to the City of London.    Britain has threatened to use its new Financial ServicesAct to revoke or deny licences to Japanese brokerage houses ifit does not get satisfaction.    But British authorities would be far from happy if forcedto use that weapon, government sources said.    Sir Nicholas Goodison, Chairman of the London StockExchange, said in New York yesterday that sanctions againstJapanese financial institutions operating in the U.K. Would setback London's ambition to become a leading centre for corporatefinancing and securities trading.    Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson also warnedyesterday of the negative effects that a trade war could haveon the British economy. Such a development could hit U.K.Exports and sharply alter the outlook for the next generalelection in which economic recovery will be one of thegovernment's main themes, political analysts said. REUTER&#3;