Wall Street analysts said a sharerepurchase program announced by General Motors Corp is in partan attempt to placate shareholders angry over the recentrepurchase of shares from Texan H. Ross Perot last year.    "He (Perot) was obviously the big trigger" said analystJoseph Phillippi of E.F. Hutton Co. "There was a firestorm ofcriticism from people on the institutional side."    Wall Street analysts said the GM buyback will boost theshares in the near term but some had reservations about thelong term effects of the plan.    "They're trying to soothe irate shareholders irriated bythe buyout of Ross Perot," said analyst David Healy of DrexelBurnham Lambert Inc.    Healy said General Motors chairman Roger Smith had beenhinting at a buyback program in meetings with institutionalinvestors. He said the plan, which could cost more than fivebillion dlrs over four years, was similar in size to Ford MotorCo's &lt;F> repurchase program but smaller on a percentage basisthan that of Chrysler Corp &lt;C>.    Healy said General Motors will have to borrow money to buyback stock on a large scale.    The General Motors plan, announced after a board ofdirectors meeting in New York, calls for repurchase of up to 20pct of the common stock by the end of 1990.    The GM board also authorized repurchase of up to five mlnclass E &lt;GME> and class H &lt;GMH> shares. GM shares closed at75-5/8, up 7/8, in composite trading prior to the company'sannouncement. However subsequently Jefferies and Co, whichtrades NYSE-listed issues outside regular hours, said it wasmaking a market in the shares at 77-1/2 to 78.    "The stock is obviously going to be strong tomorrow," saidRonald Glantz, analyst at Montgomery Securities.    "I don't know where the money (for the buyback) is comingfrom unless they borrow," Glantz said. "Their credit rating isgoing to fall." GM said it anticipates a decrease in automotivecapital spending.    Glantz believes GM could be inviting a strike this fall bygoing ahead with the buyback program at a time when it has37,000 employees on indefinite layoff and 11 plants marked forclosing. After deciding against a profit sharing bonus forworkers and buying out Perot for 743 mln dlrs "this will beseen as rubbing salt into the wound," Glantz said. "GM must bechallenging the union to make it the strike target."    Glantz said he is not changing his buy recommendation on GMand expects the shares to rise. But he said he did not thinkthe overall plan was "prudent."    "Obviously we're going to get at least an opening gap inthe stock tomorrow," Hutton's Phillippi said.    He says GM apparently believes as a result of a costreduction program plus the falloff in capital spending levels"they can handle a stock buyback of this magnitude within theconfines of their cash flow." Phillippi, who has been tellingclients to hold GM shares mainly for income, said on balance"we've got to feel they're doing something constructive." Reuter&#3;