Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone is likelyto leave office this summer amid opposition to hiscontroversial tax-reform package, political analysts said.    They said Nakasone's reputation as a skilled politician hassuffered irreparable damage from his support of a five pctsales tax planned for January 1988.    "Nakasone is trying to carry out a drastic tax reform at theend of his administration, which is not only impossible butalso is very irresponsible as a politican," Rei Shiratori,professor of politics at Dokkyo University, told Reuters.    "Nakasone will almost certainly step down as soon asparliament approves the sales tax, probably in the summer,"Shiratori said.    Some ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) members ofparliament have spoken against the tax, which Nakasone says isneeded to balance planned cuts in income and corporate taxes.    Nakasone today called for disciplinary action against LDPmembers who oppose the tax. "There are some who are objectingbecause of their constituencies," he told a meeting ofgovernment and party leaders. "If the party discipline isbroken, I would like to see punishment considered."    "A proposed sales tax has become a political issue, partlybecause Nakasone breached his election pledge againstintroducing it," Shiratori said.    "Moreover, the tax is being introduced when the public feelsuncertainty about the sluggish economy stemming from the yen'sappreciation and about the future when the Japanese society israpidly aging," he said.    Political analysts said the controversial tax could affectthe more than 2,500 local elections scheduled for April,involving governors, mayors, town and village heads andassemblies at all levels.    But the situation is complicated, since opposition partiesexcluding the communists sometimes put up joint candidates withthe LDP, the political analysts added.    Shiratori said, "In the worst case, implementation of thesales tax, now scheduled for next January, may be put off forsome time before the government makes a final decision.    "Another alternative is to modify the planned five pct toperhaps three pct.    "A third alternative for the government is to ram throughthe bills only with the attendance of LDP MPs," he said.    Seizaburo Sato, professor of politics at Tokyo University,thought the last possibility most likely. "I think the LDP alonewill take a vote on the tax bills," he said.    The LDP now holds 304 seats in the 512-seat Lower House and143 in the 252-seat Upper House.    To lure opposition parties back to parliament after the LDPpushes through the tax bills, the Nakasone cabinet will have toresign, Sato said.    "Boycotting opposition members will be more willing toreturn to parliament if a new cabinet has been formed," he said. REUTER&#3;