U.S. money managers and investmentadvisors said they expect stocks to continue to outperformbonds, but some are hedging bets by keeping roughly half ofportfolios in bonds and cash for quick investment shifts.    Merrill Lynch said its new asset mix report due today willurge weightings of 50 pct stock, 35 pct bonds and 15 pct cashversus 40 pct bonds, 35 pct stock and 25 pct cash previously.    "We believe an overweighting in stocks is warranted becauseof the positive momentum of corporate earnings," said ChristineLisec-Tinto, Merrill senior investment strategist.    Lisec-Tinto, who formulated Merrill's latest asset mixrecommendations with new chief investment strategist CharlesClough, said there may be some consolidation of recent stockprice gains, but the market appears to have good potential.    Through Friday, stock prices as measured by the Dow JonesIndustrial Average surged 19.13 pct in 1987. Meanwhile, the Shearson Lehman Treasury bond price index edged up 0.4 pct.    "We believe that the equity market has much more upsidepotential than the bond market," Chrysler Corp &lt;C> treasurerFred Zuckerman said. He said "interest rates are not comingdown and I would not bet a lot that they will come downsharply."    Chrysler's 3.5 billion pension fund last week sold 405 mlndlrs of corporate bonds in the first of two planned sales ofslightly less than one billion dlrs of corporates.    Zuckerman told Reuters the proceeds will be used to buystock to bring equities to 50 pct or more of the portfolio.    A roughly even bond/stock portfolio split also is urged byWright Investors Service, with 4.25 billion dlrs undermanagement, but it is more optimistic on bonds than stocks.    "We'd put half in bonds and half in equities now," saidJudith Corchard, Wright senior vice president. She said thebond share was lifted from 35 pct in the last three months.    "The stock market has appreciated sharply and discountedfuture corporate earnings extensively," Corchard said. She said"we're worried about a stock price correction of as much as 10to 15 pct within six, or possibly even three months."    Meanwhile, Wright expects bonds to benefit from a half toone percentage point decline in interest rates by year's end.    "At this level of the stock market, there is more of anadvantage to being in long-term bonds than in equities, givenour interest rate scenario," Corchard said.    "The stock market has come a long way in a short time. I'dbe hardpressed to jump into stocks with the Dow near 2300unless I was really convinced that earnings and multiples willincrease," said a fixed-income securities portfolio manager ata major money center bank.    He said the bank has kept bond/equity portfolio mix fairlystable recently and probably will make no major changes formonths as it awaits economic, oil price and dollar trends.    "We've seen no real movement from bonds to stocks among ourfunds," said George Collins, president of T. Rowe PriceAssociates, with 22 billion dlrs in assets under management.    While he detected no rush into stocks from bonds, eitheramong the many mutual funds under the T. Rowe Price umbrella oramong outside money managers, Collins thinks stocks are betterinvestments than bonds at this time.    "In the near term, the stock market has more prospects forgrowth, due to the mixed signals on the economy so far, theslim chance the Federal Reserve will ease policy and stillheavy debt accumulation," Collins said.    He expects U.S. stocks to improve further because there ismore corporate earnings potential, nominal interest ratesalready are low and there is strong foreign demand for stock.    Collins said that in funds which include bonds and stocks,the firm has long maintained an aggressive 75 pct weighting inequity with the rest in bonds and cash.    "Our equity managers have taken a slightly heavier cashposition in equity portfolios lately," Collins said.    "Cash" in portfolios usually means short Treasury billswhich can be readily sold to allow rapid investment shifts.    Many portfolio managers are working with relatively highcash positions in equity accounts, often 25 to 30 pct, given  the belief that there may well be downward price correctionsenroute to higher ground.    In bond portfolios, the money managers generally showed apreference for shorter term (10 years and under) Treasury notesand, to a lesser extent, agency securities, rather thanlonger-dated Treasury issues and corporate bonds.    Since yield premiums of corporate over Treasury bonds arenow the lowest in years, many investors believe corporates areovervalued versus Treasury and agency issues. Another negativecited for corporate bonds is the risk of hostile takeovers,leveraged buyouts and sudden ratings declines that does notexist with Treasury or Federal agency securities.    Farm Credit paper was cited by some as undervalued and agood buy, despite the issuer's well-publicized financial woes. Reuter&#3;