A new market has emerged in warrants tobuy gold, a vehicle which bankers say brings some of the playof commodity options into the field of securities.    Over the past three weeks, Swiss offices of American bankshave launched a total of four issues of warrants with varyingconditions, drawing on renewed inflationary worries and therecovery of the gold price last year.    And Credit Suisse and Credit Suisse-First Boston eachissued Swiss franc bonds with warrants for gold which have asimilar character, though they are aimed at a less professionalmarket.    The market is still small. Taken together, the fourAmerican-led warrant issues raised only about 50 mln Swissfrancs.    But banks believe the vehicle meets a need of investors andpredicted a lively future.    Andrew Barrett of Citicorp Investment Bank (Switzerland) AGsaid: "The warrants give smaller investors a chance to have along-term investment in gold with limited risk."    Citicorp in Zurich launched the first of these warrants onFebruary 27, following it up with a second issue less than aweek later. The issuer in both cases was Citibank NA.    The idea found some quick copies. Goldman Sachs in Zurichorganized and co-led an issue for the Swiss branch of BanqueIndosuez on March 9 and last night Morgan Guaranty(Switzerland) AG did another for Morgan Guaranty Trust Co ofNew York.    The four issues now offer investors striking prices forgold ranging from the Indosuez issue at 410 dlrs an ounce, thesame price as the underlying commodity, to a 430 dlr level onthe first one for Citibank.    The premiums range from 22 pct to 36 pct and maturitiesfrom 18 months to four years and three months, in all caseslonger than gold futures and options on U.S. Markets.    The bankers traced the inspiration for the market back tothe February report of U.S. Consumer prices for January, when ajump of 0.7 pct raised again the threat of inflation.    "Many people are worried about inflation again," said MatsJoensson of Goldman Sachs. "Money supply in Germany and theUnited States has grown very strongly in the last year andpeople want to take a ride on gold."    The gold market, having seen strong gains in 1986, haslanguished just above 400 dlrs an ounce over the past fewweeks. But the banks saw in warrants the vehicle for a morehighly leveraged play where the downside risk was limited.    Barrett said it was natural that the market developed inSwitzerland. "People here understand gold, and they understandwarrants," he said.    Citicorp (Switzerland) pioneered warrants with a series ofequity-linked covered issues based on Japanese company sharesover the past two years, and last autumn, Swiss banks launchedcovered warrants in Swiss registered shares in a bid to giveforeign investors a chance to play in a market otherwise closedto all but Swiss citizens, and to play it with higher leverage.    But after a quick flurry of issues, that market dried upwhen Swiss shares prices fell from their January peaks.    The issues are being marketed not on the basis of simplepremiums, but on implicit volatility models devised to providescientific comparisons between titles in the options market.    Martin Bachem of Morgan Guaranty said his bank's issue wascompetitive despite its relatively high premium. The issue, forfive ounces at 425 dlrs, was priced at 955 Swiss francs, makinga premium over the spot gold price of nearly 36 pct.    Using a Black Sholes options model, he said the issue'slong, 4.3-year maturity meant the warrants needed an implicitvolatility of gold of only 24.5 pct for the option to pay off,which he claimed was lower than the other issues.    But Barrett said the Black Sholes variant Citicorp usedpointed to a higher volatily for the Morgan issue andemphasized that the models were at best an inexact science.    And each bank, using its own model, put the implicitvolatility needed for its own issue at close to 25 pct.    Whatever the calculation, the issues have received a warmwelcome from investors.    Joensson of Goldman Sachs said there was a lot of demand,even among small investors, who were buying 15 or 20 warrantsapiece. "The most sophisticated ones wouldn't buy these becausethe premiums are too high," he said. REUTER&#3;