The Geneva Motor Show, the first majorcar show of the year, opens tomorrow with U.S. Car makershoping to make new inroads into European markets due to thecheap dollar, automobile executives said.    Ford Motor Co &lt;F> and General Motors Corp &lt;GM> sell cars inEurope, where about 10.5 mln new cars a year are bought. GMalso makes a few thousand in North American plants for Europeanexport.     Now Chrysler Corp &lt;C> is saying it will begin exportingAmerican-made vehicles before the end of this year to Europe, amarket it left in 1978 when it was near bankruptcy.    Ford's European operations in Britain and West Germanymanufactured and sold about 1.5 million cars in Europe lastyear -- the largest U.S. Manufacturer's share of the Europeanmarket.    Opel/Vauxhall, with factories in West Germany, Spain andBritain, accounted for most of GM's sales in Europe with about1.3 million vehicles in 1986, officials said.    James Fry of GM overseas distribution system said GM hopedfor a five-fold rise this year in sales of North American-madevehicles in Europe, selling between 7,000 and 8,000 (NorthAmerican-made) units in Europe for the year to August 1987. "Alow dollar makes our prices very attractive," he told Reuters.    Using an average price of 13,000 dlrs per car, hisprojected sales figure would translate into between 91 millionand 104 mln dlrs in turnover, Fry added.    That would be a jump from 1986 when GM sold 1,500North-American made cars for revenue of 19 mln dlrs.    Ford has 41 factories in West Europe, which manufacture allof its cars sold on the continent.  But Walter Hayes, vicepresident of Ford Europe, told Reuters he did not expect alarge rise in sales this year as a result of the weak dollar. "We have concluded that despite the dollar difference.... Europeis inevitably a small volume market."    Hayes said the cost of changing American cars to conform toEuropean environmental specifications cut into profit margins.    But Robert Lutz, Chrysler executive vice-president, saidthe weak dollar would now help Chrysler compete in Europe. "After a lapse of almost nine years, Chrysler is about tore-enter the European market," he said.    "We prefer to export to Europe rather than manufacture herebecause it will allow us to take full competitive advantage ofthe favorable exchange rates due to the declining value of thedollar." Reuter&#3;