Some economists fear a world recession ifstock exchanges continue to plunge. Others are more sanguine.    The pessimists say the stocks shakeout is destroyingpersonal assets and dampening consumption.    "The real economic effects can be significant -- thedestruction of wealth and a deflationary impact on the economy,"said an economist at a U.S. Securities house.    But other economists said such fears were overblown.    "Because of lower appreciation of corporate or personalassets, that much negative impact could be observed (in theU.S.)," said Keikichi Honda, general manager of economicresearch at the Bank of Tokyo Ltd.    "But the appreciation of stock prices has not been playingsuch a major role in the entire U.S. Gross national product(GNP)," Honda said.    The pessimists noted that the record fall on Wall Street onMonday was sparked by fears the U.S. Economy is heading for arecession or serious slowdown much earlier than expected.    But the optimists said a dampening effect on consumptiondue to stock market losses was less likely in Japan.    "In Japan the weight of stocks in individuals' total assetsis less than in the U.S., And the total weight of individuals'holdings in the stock market is less, so there will be lessdamage than in the U.S.," said an economist at one of Japan'smajor brokerage houses.    "Japan is taking strong measures to stimulate domesticdemand, so while there could be some impact from the reductionof assets value, it would not be a major impact," said the Bankof Tokyo's Honda.    Optimists also pointed to incipient declines in U.S.Interest rates as a positive sign for the U.S. Economy.    "U.S. Interest rates are coming down so there is a feelingthat interest rates have hit their ceiling, and the U.S.Economy is strong, so there should be no direct impact from thecollapse of share prices," said Toshiaki Kakimoto, Sumitomo BankLtd chief economist.    Some economists suggested that should markets continue toslump, the major industrial nations may have to discusspossible joint lowering of official discount rates.    "Until last week, a discussion of lower rates wasunthinkable, now it's not," said the Japanese brokerage houseeconomist.    "There has been a move from the purely rational to theemotional -- it's a central bankers' nightmare," said theforeign economist. "It will require strong global leadership bypoliticians to snuff out," he said.    However, "previously, the stocks correction was due to fearsof higher interest rates, a possible resurgence of inflationand the depreciation of the dollar," said Nobuyuki Ueda, senioreconomist at the Long-Term Credit Bank Ltd.    "Now some people have an uneasy feeling about the outlook ofthe U.S. Economy," Ueda said.    "If the stock market is a leading indicator of the futuremovement of the economy, this decline will have verysignificant implications for the U.S. Economy," he said.    "If the low levels hold, those who were keeping consumptionhigh because of unrealised gains could curb consumption," saidSalomon Brothers (Asia) Ltd economist Ron Napier. "If the papergains aren't there, people won't spend."    A U.S. Recession could then trigger similar declines inother economies, some economists said.    "I don't know if a possible recession in the U.S. Wouldtrigger a world recession because other nations, such as Japan,are showing good economic performance," LTCB's Ueda said. "But wecan't rule out the possibility because the U.S. Is stillplaying a very dominant role in the world economy." REUTER&#3;