Shell Oil Co said first quarter netincome dropped 61 pct over the prior-year quarter on revenuesthat slipped four pct.    "Lower prices for crude oil and natural gas and reducedmargins in our oil and chemical products businesses were themajor factor for the earings decline," John F. Bookout,president, said in a statement.    For the quarter, the company, a unit of Royal Dutch/ShellGroup &lt;RD> &lt;SC>, earned 108 mln dlrs on sales of 4.50 billiondlrs, compared with 276 mln dlrs on sales of 4.67 billion dlrsa year ago.    Bookout said the company is cautiously optimistic oilmarkets will be less volatile in coming months than they werein 1986.    "In coming months, oil products results should benefit fromseasonally higher gasoline volumes," he said.    "However, so long as U.S. product inventories remain high,it may be difficult to fully recover from the depressed marginsof recent periods," he added.    Bookout said the company's chemical products earningsshould benefit from strong performances in chemical salesvolumes and continued high industry operating rates.    Shell said its oil and gas exploration and product segmentearned 110 mln dlrs for the quarter vs 91 mln dlrs in 1986.    It said earnings were hurt by lower selling prices forcrude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Domestic crudeoil prices averaged 14.24 dlrs a barrel, compared with 19.28dlrs last year, while natural gas prices dropped 24 pct, Shellsaid.    Shell said earnings at its oil products segment plunged by53 mln dlrs, to eight mln dlrs. It said lower refined productselling prices were only partially offset by reduced rawmaterial costs.    The company said earnings from chemical products also fellsharply, to 40 mln dlrs from 72 mln dlrs, due mainly to lowermargins, especially in commodity chemicals, coupled with itspullout from the agricultural chemicals business in October1986.    Shell said capital and exploratory outlays totaled 500 mlndlrs for the quarter, off from 645 mln dlrs. Reuter&#3;