American Telephone and Telegraph Comay have a hard time convincing U.S. regulatory authoritiesthat lifting controls on its long-distance business willbenefit consumers, industry and congressional analysts say.    "There's clearly going to have to be an effort (by ATT) tosay that deregulation will not have an adverse effect on theconsumer," said Gerry Salemme, a policy analyst for the Housetelecommunications, consumer protection and financesubcommittee.    Salemme said that if the Federal Communications Commissioneased restrictions on ATT, Congress probably would considertaking legislative oversight action to protect consumers'interests.    ATT has about 80 pct of the interstate long-distancemarket. It asked the FCC to cut back price and rate regulationsthat have control its long-distance phone business.    ATT spun off its local telephone services operations intothe seven regional Bell companies in 1984 as part of the  courtordered breakup of the telephone giant.    The regional companies have been prohibited frommanufacturing equipment and from offering information servicesand out-of-region long-distance service.    But some of them want to move into those areas,particularly the provision of long-distance services, whichwould compete directly with ATT.    ATT's request came in response to an FCC notice issued inJanuary that proposed to streamline regulation of certain partsof its long-distance business.    The FCC will closely examine the potential effects of theproposal on consumers, said FCC spokeswoman Mary Beth Hess.    "That would be foremost in our mind," Hess said.    Hess said she expected the FCC to respond in a few months.    Congressional aides said they were concerned that ifregulation is reduced, ATT will use its dominant marketposition to raise consumer rates.    Consumer groups say ATT's concern for its business clients,its most lucrative market, underscores a danger that, withoutfull regulation from the FCC, any increased costs will bepassed onto the consumer rather than big business.    ATT, however, says deregulation would benefit consumers.    The company would become more competitive because it wouldnot have to wait for FCC authorization before introducing newservices, spokeswoman Edith Herman said.    However, Gene Kimmelman of the Consumer Federation ofAmerica, which represents more than 200 consumer groupsnationally, said, "When ATT offers new services, they tend to begeared toward the high volume business market rather than theaverage consumer."    ATT proposed that in addition to lifting profit regulation,the FCC allow new rates to go into effect in 14 days instead ofthe current 45 days.    The company also called for a reduction in the amount ofdocumentation it must file with the FCC each time it introducesor changes long-distance services.    "With this filing, we're suggesting that regulators replacea blanket approach to regulating ATT with a more finely-tuned,targeted approach," said Lawrence Garfinkel, AT&amp;T's vicepresident of marketing services, in a statement.    "We believe that by using a scalpel instead of a meat axe,the public interest can be protected and all consumers willbenefit," he added.    MCI Communications Corp, also asked the FCC to easerestrictions on ATT, saying this would encourage competition.    Some industry analysts said the MCI proposal was an effortto halt FCC-mandated price cuts that have forced ATT and itsrivals to cut prices, eroding profits in the industry. MCI lost448.4 mln dlrs on sales of 3.59 billion dlrs last year.    The analysts said the proposal would benefit MCI becauseATT would no longer impose price cuts that MCI would have tofollow when costs fell in the industry.    "I'm sort of mystified by those comments," retorted Herman, adistrict manager for ATT.    "ATT (if deregulated) has no intention of not passing oncost reductions," she added.    Kimmelman, legislative director of the Consumer Federation,said he opposed deregulation because it left no alternativesthat would ensure against overcharging by ATT.    He said the FCC had in the past instructed ATT to reduceprices when the company was benefitting from lower costs fromincreased use by consumers of long-distance services.    Without full regulatory authority this may no longerhappen, he added. Reuter&#3;