U.S. officials said they held outlittle hope the European Community, EC, would withdraw acontroversial meat inspection requirement, due to go intoeffect April 30 and which U.S. meat producers claim will cutoff their exports.    But the officials said they expect the EC to allow U.S.plants to continue shipping meat through the end of the yearprovided they submit a plant improvement program with the U.S.Agriculture Department.    The EC's so-called Third Country Meat Directive willrequire foreign meat processing plants to comply fully with ECinspection standards beginning April 30.    The U.S. meat industry has prepared a petition requestingthe Reagan administration to retaliate against the EC rule.    At issue are U.S. meat exports to the EC valued at 132 mlndlrs in 1985.    The EC rule would require all U.S. plants to make changesin their inspection methods, ranging from veterinary staffingto use of wood.    Last December, the EC determined that only one U.S. cattle,one hog and one sheep slaughtering facility could be approvedwithout further review. USDA would have to certify that theplants had corrected the deficiencies.    All remaining plants with a history or potential ofshipping to the EC -- totaling nearly 400 -- would require moresignificant changes in plant constructions or procedures beforefurther EC review.    Robert Hibbert, general counsel for the American MeatInstitute, said the meat industry expected to submit a formaltrade retaliation petition by April 30.    An interagency committee is reviewing the industry's draftpetition.    An official at the U.S. Trade Representative's Office saidU.S. officials continued to press the EC to withdraw the rule,but that "the chances of that are not too good at this time."    However, there is the "expectation" in U.S. government andmeat industry circles that the EC will continue to allowshipments, at least through the end of the calendar year, fromU.S. plants that submit to USDA a plan on how they will bringtheir operations into conformity with the EC regulation, theUSTR official said. Reuter&#3;