Canadian economic growth is expected toslow further in 1987, but an improved the trade picture shouldkeep the country from recession, economists said.    "The economy is ready for about a 2.0 pct rate of growthover the course of 1987," said Carl Beigie, Chief Economist atDominion Securities Pitfield Ltd.    Statistics Canada reported that gross domestic product,grew 3.1 pct in 1986, the fourth year of continuous expansion,but down from 1985's four pct.    In the final quarter, GDP, in 1981 prices and at annualizedrates, rose a slight 0.2 pct after expanding 0.8 pct in thethird quarter.    "Essentially it is a flat performance," said Warren Jestin,deputy chief economist at the Bank of Nova Scotia.    Economist Wendy Smith Cork of the brokerage Nesbitt ThomsonBongard Inc said "it shows the economy is not moving along verysteadily, it's not a very promising number."    "We weren't surprised, we expected to see one bad quarterin Canada, but we don't think there will be a recession," sheadded.    The rise in GDP was below the 3.3 pct increase forecast byFederal Finance Minister Michael Wilson in his budget lastmonth. He also projected the economy would expand  2.8 pct thisyear.    Many economists are less optimistic, predicting growth willlikely be in the 2.0 to 2.2 pct range.    Statistics Canada also reported the country's tradeperformance deteriorated sharply last year as the deficit inthe current account rose to a record 8.8 billion Canadian dlrsfrom the previous year's shortfall of 584 mln dlrs.    "The sharp increase in the deficit originated frommerchandise trade transactions where imports continued toadvance strongly whereas exports were virtually unchanged," thefederal agency said in a statement.    The merchandise trade surplus was pared to 10.13 billiondlrs in 1986 from 17.48 billion dlrs in 1985.    But economist Cork said the expected upturn in the U.S.economy will lead to increased demand for Canadian goods, andhelp fuel the country's modest expansion. Nearly 80 pct ofCanada's exports are shipped to the U.S. each year. Reuter&#3;