West German Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg said the currency agreement reached in Paris inFebruary had been successful and would be continued.    Stoltenberg told journalists before he attends next week'sInternational Monetary Fund meeting in Washington that: "The ...Strategy to stabilise currencies around current levels hasproven its worth and will also determine future developments."    Stoltenberg declined to comment specifically on what hewould consider to be an undervalued dollar but said a dollararound 1.80 marks created problems for West Germany's exports.    Stoltenberg said studies by international organisations hadmade it clear that especially in the U.S. And in Japan majorefforts remained necessary to support adjustments in foreigntrade balances via necessary corrections to economic policy.    "No-one would benefit if, after years of over-valuation, theU.S. Dollar fell into the other extreme, that is, strongunder-valuation," he said.    Stoltenberg said West Germany had a keen interest in aswift agreement between the U.S. And Japan concerning thecurrent trade dispute over semi-conductors.    Asked whether he believed the markets would test the Pariscurrency accord, Stoltenberg did not comment specifically butnoted that much of what had been discussed in Paris had notbeen published.    The Paris declaration did not state the levels at whichcentral banks of the major industrialised countries wouldintervene.    Stoltenberg said that everything had been carefullyconsidered. He said he had nothing further to add.    Stoltenberg also appeared to suggest that West Germany wasnow no longer under any pressure from the U.S. Government tostimulate its economy.    He declined to respond specifically to a question on thissubject but said, "You must attach particular importance to theconsensus which was reached in Paris."    The minister nevertheless added that he would make clearduring his trip to Washington that West Germany's nominal tradefigures gave a false impression about actual trade flows.    Stoltenberg noted that in 1986 Bonn's exports fell by anominal two pct while its nominal imports fell by 10.7 pct.West Germany's imports dropped largely because of foreigncurrency developments and the cheaper price of oil and led to arecord trade surplus last year.    However, Stoltenberg said that in real terms West Germany'sexports by volume had increased by 1.5 pct while real importshad risen by a much stronger 6.2 pct.    In this way West Germany had made its contribution toeconomic stability, Stoltenberg added.    Stoltenberg noted the government expected imports to riseby a real four to five pct in 1987 with exports stagnating.    He said it was too early to revise official forecasts forWest Germany's economic growth this year. The government hasforecast an unchanged 2.5 pct rise in Gross National Product.    The Kiel Institute, a leading research body, is stillexpecting growth of three pct but some other researchinstitutes have revised forecasts down to below two pct.Stoltenberg said the wide range of predictions showed how manyimponderables had to be taken into account and said no drasticchanges in official forecasts were needed. REUTER&#3;