Texaco Canada Inc, 78 pct owned byTexaco Inc &lt;TX>, likely would not form any part of a possiblesettlement in a 10.3 billion U.S. dlr legal battle betweenTexaco Inc and Penzoil Co &lt;PZL>, Texaco Canada chief executivePeter Bijur told reporters.    "I just just don't believe that it (Texaco Canada) would bepart of any settlement," Bijur said during a interview.    Bijur said he could not comment directly on theTexaco-Penzoil dispute, adding he had no first-hand informationconcerning efforts by Texaco and Penzoil to resolve the matter.    "We don't have any problems that I am aware of that are aresult of that litigation in the United States, and we continueto do business on a normal, 'business as usual' basis," TexacoCanada's Bijur told reporters during an interview session.    As previously reported, Texaco Inc is seeking a court orderto block Pennzoil from taking action to secure a 10.3 billiondlr judgement against Texaco.    In reply to a query, Bijur said Texaco Inc has imposed nospending retraints on Texaco Canada as it continues previouslyreported efforts to make an energy-related acquisition.    After considering making an acquisition for several months,Texaco Canada set up a "business development team" of five peopleabout one month ago to increase its efforts, Bijur said. Thecompany has also widened the scope of its search to includecandidates involved in refining and marketing as well asproduction segments of the industry.    "We're going to widen the scope of our view. We're going tolook at the downstream and we're going to look at the entirepetroleum business," he said.    Bijur declined to specify how much money Texaco Canadawould spend on an acquisition.    Bijur said the company was not close to concluding anyacquisitions and declined to specify when he expected atransaction might be made. "We're not in a hurry," he said.    Texaco Canada said in the annual report it had a cashposition of 808 mln dlrs at the end of 1986, and Bijur said thecompany's cash fund has not changed materially during the firstquarter.    Commenting on earnings results, Bijur said he expectedfirst quarter profit to be lower than last year's earnings of84 mln dlrs or 70 cts a share, due to lower profit contributionfrom production because of lower oil prices.REUTER^M&#3;