Brazil has no set target forits coffee exports following this week's breakdown ofInternational Coffee Organization talks on export quotas,President of the Brazilian Coffee Institute, IBC, Jorio Daustersaid.    He told a press conference Brazil now had to reconsider itsexport plans and that the 15.5 mln bag export figure which ithad proposed for itself earlier should no longer be taken asthe country's export target to ICO-member countries.    The 15.5 mln bag offer had been made on the assumption anagreement would bring stability to world markets, he added.    It had been a gesture to ease negotiations, but the lack ofan agreement leaves it no longer valid and exports could beabove or below 15.5 mln bags, he said.    Dauster said he would talk to producers, exporters andmarket analysts before taking any decision on export policy,but any future policy would be flexible and adjusted to marketconditions.    "We will not take any short-term decisions which might causemarkets to panic," Dauster added.    He said it would be a policy which shows Brazil has coffeeto sell and that it could do so without an ICO agreement.    "Brazil has coffee (to sell) and wants to show that it doesnot need an ICO agreement as a crutch," Dauster said.    Commenting on the breakdown of the talks, Dauster saidconsumer proposals would have implied a reduction of one to twomln bags in Brazil's export quotas.    "It was a proposal which would lead to a substantial lossfor Brazil and which would be difficult for the country torecover," he said.    The consumer proposal to base quotas on a six-year movingaverage of exportable production surpluses would lead tooverproduction as countries boosted output to win higherquotas, he said.    Dauster rejected reports which said Brazil's inflexibilityhad been the cause for the breakdown of talks, noting that itsstance had the backing of 85 pct of producing countries.    Close links would continue with these producers,particularly Colombia, Mexico and Francophone Africancountries, but Dauster said no joint marketing action wasenvisaged at present.    He also said Brazil currently had no plans to return to asystem of roaster buying contracts, although "no hypothesis hasbeen abandoned."    Dauster said he had not yet decided when registrations forMay shipment coffee will be opened.    He declined comment on whether the IBC will adopt a policyof opening registrations for up to six months in advance, assome exporters had suggested.    He noted export registrations for the first four months ofthe year totalled around 5.5 mln bags, more than half the 9.9mln exported in 1986 when drought reduced the crop to between11.2 mln and 12 mln bags.    He said that, although he had heard forecasts of 30 mlnbags for the coming crop, the IBC would not make any estimateuntil late April. Reuter&#3;