World Bank President Barber Conable isexpected to press Indonesia, the Third World's sixth largestdebtor, to maintain the momentum of economic policy changes totackle the slump in its oil revenues, western diplomats said.    Conable, who flew to Indonesia yesterday from Tokyo, willmeet with President Suharto and senior economic ministers.    He said on arrival that the economy of South-East Asia'slargest nation was being managed well, but the slump in worldoil prices called for major policy adjustments.    Today the World Bank chief will visit Bank-funded projectsin the eastern section of Java, Indonesia's most populousisland. He will see Suharto on Tuesday after a day of detaileddiscussions with ministers tomorrow.    Indonesia, the only Asian member of OPEC, has been severelyhit by last year's crash in oil prices, which cut its oil andgas revenues in half.    Japan's state Export-Import Bank last month agreed toprovide around 900 mln dlrs in untied credits to help Indonesiapay for its share of 21 World Bank development projects.    Indonesia, a country of 168 mln people, has responded tothe oil slump by cutting spending, devaluing its currency by 31pct, and trying to boost exports, while using foreign loans tobridge its deficit.    Diplomats said that Conable was expected to press Suhartoand leading economic ministers to maintain the pace of policychange, particularly in dismantling Indonesia's high-costprotected economy.    "Oil prices, the debt crisis, the world recession, all callfor major policy adjustments and external support," Conable saidin his arrival statement.    But with Indonesia facing parliamentary elections nextmonth, he is likely to avoid anything which would imply thatthe Bank is demanding specific changes.    "We believe there has been wise leadership here and theeconomy is being very well managed," Conable told reporters atJakarta airport.    Indonesia has official and private overseas debts totalling37 billion dlrs, according to the Bank, which makes it theThird World's sixth biggest debtor. It has received 10.7billion dlrs from the World Bank since 1968.    Conable did not spell out what further changes he wouldlike to see. Last month the Bank endorsed economic changesalready introduced by Indonesia, but implied it wanted more.    Giving a 300 mln dlr loan in balance of payments support,the Bank said it will monitor progress on implementation of thegovernment's trade reform measures, and supported itsdetermination to promote efficiency and longer-term growth.    Indonesia has introduced a series of measures since lastMay to boost non-oil exports, liberalise trade and encourageoutside investment.    Suharto has also ordered a government committee to lookinto which of Indonesia's 215 state-run companies could besold.    But in a report last month, the U.S. Embassy said thegovernment appeared divided over how far to take its reforms.    Western analysts say that in particular the government isunsure how far to go with dismantling Indonesia's high-costmonopolies, which control core areas of the economy.    Central bank governor Arifin Siregar said this week thatIndonesia faced very limited economic choices.    It could not spend its way out of trouble because thiswould increase the balance of payments deficit and domesticinflation.     He said the main objective was to raise exports outsidethe oil and natural gas sector.    Indonesia's current account deficit is projected by thegovernment to fall to 2.64 billion dlrs in the coming financialyear which starts on April 1, from an estimated 4.1 billion in1986/87. REUTER&#3;