President Reagan said he had orderedthe administration to begin talks with congressional leaders ona budget deficit reduction plan.    Reagan said in a statement following a meeting with his topeconomic advisers that he was prepared to order across theboard spending cuts to comply with a Federal balanced budgetlaw, but preferred to negotiate with Congress.    He said he would consider anything the congressionalleadership proposed, but a spokesman said he remains opposed toraising taxes as a way to reduce the deficit.    "I think it is preferable, if possible that the executiveand legislative branches reach a budget deficit reductionpackage. Accordingly, I am directing that discussions beundertaken with the bipartisan leadership of the Congress forthat purpose," Reagan said.    Asked whether he would consider raising taxes, Reagan said"I am willing to look at whatever proposal they might have."    As Reagan boarded the helicopter to visit his wife Nancy atBethesda Naval Hospital, he was questioned as to whether thatmeant he was softening on his tax stance. Reagan replied "if youheard that it must have been the helicopter."    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater later told reportersthat Reagan was not changing his opposition to tax increases.Fitzwater said the administration would accept automatic cutsunder the Gramm Rudman balanced budget law rather than raisetaxes.    Earlier on Tuesday congressional leaders called for aneconomic summit with the White House to address the nation'sbudget and trade deficits that some analysts say were partly toblame for the stock market drop.    Reagan said he would be willing to participate personallyin any negotiations with Congress.    The White House earlier seemed to reject the idea ofnegotiating with Congress on the budget deficit.    Fitzwater said this morning that the White House continuedto oppose a budget summit with Congress on the grounds that itwould be used by Democrats as a platform to press for a taxincrease.    But Reagan announced his willingness to negotiate withCongress after meeting for about an hour with White House Chiefof Staff Howard Baker, Treasury Secretary James Baker, FederalReserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and chief economicadviser Beryl Sprinkel. Reuter&#3;