A one billion dlr lawsuit pushedHughes Tool Co into an about-face on its rejection of aproposed merger with Baker International Corp &lt;BKO>, WallStreet analysts said.    Last night, Hughes said the planned merger with Baker wasoff. Baker then filed a suit seeking punitive damages fromHughes for calling off the merger. At midday today Hughes saidit was still interested in the merger.    The analysts also said Hughes may be worried that itstroubles could make it a takeover candidate.    There was speculation today that Harold Simmons, the Dallasinvestor, might try to acquire Hughes, but Simmons told Reutershe is not interested.    Simmons said he intends to file a 13-D with the Securitiesand Exchange Monday reporting a stake of five pct or more insome publicly traded company. He declined to identify thetarget other than to rule out Hughes.    One analyst said another factor in the latest Hughesturnabout was Borg-Warner Corp &lt;BOR>, which owns 18.5 pct ofHughes. Borg-Warner ex-chairman J.F. Bere, who serves on theHughes board, is believed to favor the merger with Baker.    Despite the Hughes statement that it is interested in amerger, and Baker's response that a merger is still possibile,analysts said no one could be certain where the situation wasgoing.    "I think the merger is not going through," said Phil Pace,analyst at Kidder, Peabody and Co. He said the merger "lost alot of its appeal" when the U.S. Department of Justice requiredthat Baker sell off its Reed Tool Co operation.    Although the Reed operation is relatively small in view ofthe total size of a combined Baker-Hughes, Pace said "30 to 40pct of the cost savings are tied up in that."    "They (Hughes) are obviously concerned about the lawsuit,"said James Crandell, analyst at Salomon Brothers Inc."Apparently they are willing to continue discussions butwhether they will alter their position, I don't know.    "It's getting a little confusing," said James Carroll,analyst at PaineWebber Group Inc. He said the arguments citedby Hughes yesterday for not doing the merger "tend to be weak."Hughes said yesterday that as a condition of the merger itwanted Reed Tool and other businesses sold prior to April 22,the projected merger date. A government decree allowed a longerperiod of time.    Hughes contended it was better to formally combine thecompanies with the status of Reed already settled. Bakerapparently sees no reason to speed up the sale.    Carroll said Baker had previously estimated 110 to 130 mlndlrs in savings if the companies were combined without sellingReed. But he said Baker now thinks 75 to 85 mln dlrs will besaved while Hughes sees a saving of only 50 to 60 mln dlrs.    Carroll also noted that since the merger accord was firstsigned "the outlook for the industry has improved materially."Hughes may simply feel the pressure on the oil service industryis lifting. Reuter&#3;