Development of costly shale oil,liquified coal and other kinds of synthetic fuels, halted inrecent years because of cheap and abundant petroleum supplies,will become economic again when world oil prices top 30 dlrs abarrel, an Exxon Co USA executive said.    Joe McMillan, a senior vice president, told Reuters afteraddressing a Houston meeting of the American Institute ofChemical Engineers, "By early in the next century, syntheticsshould play a significant role in this country's energysupply."    McMillan also told reporters at a news conference that hebelieved synthetic fuels would become economic to develop whenworld oil prices reached a 30 to 40 dlr a barrel price range.    "You're talking about a 50 pct increase in crude oilprices, but I think that time is coming and we've got to beprepared," McMillan said.    He predicted U.S. oil demand would rise by about one pctannually in the next few years while the nation fails toreplace its oil reserves through exploration. By the turn ofthe century, world oil prices will be significantly higherbecause of declining supplies, McMillan said.    Ashland Oil, Inc. chairman John Hall, who also spoke at themeeting, advocated some form of federal tax incentives to helpspur development of synthetic fuels.    The United States, Hall said, has nearly 500 billion tonsof demonstrated coal reserves, an amount more than triple thatof all the world's known oil reserves.    "We must encourage research now in order to make synfuelscompetitive later," Hall said. The average lead time fordevelopment of a shale oil or liquified coal project is betweenfive and ten years.    Until last year, the federal government had subsidizedsynfuels development through the U.S. Synthetic Fuels Corp., aresearch program created during the Carter Administration withthe goal of developing replacements for up to two mln barrelsof oil.    The corporation was shut down last April when Congressrefused to continue funding its eight billion dlr budgetbecause of uneconomic projects based on forecasts of 50 dlrs abarrel oil and 10 dlr per mcf natural gas during this decade. Reuter&#3;