A hefty slice of new U.S. Treasurysupply is not the most welcome prospect for a slumbering creditmarket, but at least this week's offerings should provide itwith some focus, economists said.    "Banks and mutual funds have cash that should be put towork, so the auctions should breathe some life into the market,"said economists at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc.    The Treasury will place a 25 billion dlr package oftwo-year, four-year and seven-year notes on the sales blockthis week.    The "mini-refunding," which will raise 9.27 billion dlrs innew cash, comprises 10 billion dlrs of two-year notes forauction on Tuesday, 7.75 billion dlrs of four-year notes onWednesday and 7.25 billion dlrs of seven-year notes onThursday. The market also faces the regular weekly three- andsix-month bill auction today, amounting to 12.8 billion dlrs.    The mini-refunding does not come at a particularlyauspicious time for the market. Bond prices have been driftingsideways in a narrow range against the backdrop of a cloudyU.S. Economic outlook, diminished chances of a change inFederal Reserve Board policy and a stable dollar.    Moreover, the bond market's inertia has comparedunfavourably with the rash of activity taking place inhigh-yield markets overseas, like the U.K., As well as in U.S.Equities.    But according to the Merrill Lynch economists, there aresigns the pall hanging over the U.S. Bond market is lifting abit.    "Customer activity has been light, but all on the buy-side,and there is a marked absence of selling," they said in a weeklyreport.    Philip Braverman of Irving Trust Securities Inc believesbanks will snap up the two- and four-year issues at this week'ssales.    "The banks are in need of investments that provide earnings.Though the yield spread to the cost of carrying thesematurities has been wider, it is still positive," he said in aweekly market review.    But economists agreed not even the auctions will generateenough impetus for a major move. This will only come once theoverseas markets have had their run.    "Based on last week's events, there is little to indicatethat the appetite for yield has begun to wane," said economistsat Salomon Brothers Inc.    Indeed, talk persisted last week that Japanese investorsare planning to re-weight their portfolios in favour of thehigher-yielding markets at the start of Japan's new fiscal yearon April 1.    And while traditionally the Japanese have not been bigbuyers of the shorter-dated issues on offer at this week's U.S.Auctions, such reports undermine market confidence.    Even actions by the British, Australian and Canadianmonetary authorities to curb the rise of their currenciesshould also enhance the attractiveness of their respective bondmarkets, the Salomon Brothers' economists said.    Meanwhile, ecomomic releases are unlikely to enliven theU.S. Market unless they deviate widely from expectations,economists said.    This week's economic calendar begins on Tuesday withFebruary durable goods orders. Economists expect a rebound fromJanuary's depressed levels.    Peter Greenbaum of Smith, Barney, Harris Upham and Co saidseveral areas, including transport equipment, should havebounced back. But a decline in military capital goods will captotal new orders. He forecasts a rise of two pct afterJanuary's 6.7 pct slump. Some other economists foresee a gainas large as five pct.    Friday's consumer price report for February is expected toshow an increase of about 0.3 pct after a 0.7 pct January gain.Economists said energy prices -- the driving force behind theJanuary rise -- rose more moderately last month, while foodprices declined.    Meanwhile, economists warned that the federal funds ratewill be subject to volatility in the weeks ahead due to theapproach of quarter-end and the mid-April tax date.    Some economists expect the Fed to execute a bill pass thisweek because its adding requirement increases sharply in thenew statement period beginning on Thursday.    Fed funds traded at 6-1/16 pct late Friday and are expectedto open near that level. REUTER&#3;