Playboy Enterprises Inc said it has noplans to restructure or to take the company private.    Moreover, Chairman Hugh Hefner, who owns 71 pct of the morethan 9.4 mln shares outstanding, has no interest in selling hisstock, spokeswoman Robyn Radomski said.     Articles in two weekly business publications have saidPlayboy is a takeover candidate because of what financialanalysts see as its undervalued asset base.    Radomski said there were no corporate developments toaccount for the recent unusual trading in Playboy's shares butthat there seemed to be a correlation with the two articles.    Playboy shares are currently trading at 13-5/8 on turnoverof about 40,100 shares. For the past 52-weeks, the stock hastraded in a range of 5-7/8 to 13-1/4 on light volume.    The reports, based on an asset evaluation by analyst MarkBoyar, place Playboy's worth at about 280 mln dlrs, or 30 dlrsa share. Boyar estimated Playboy's publishing to be worth about130 mln dlrs, its product licensing, 50 mln dlrs, its realestate, including a mansion in Beverly Hills at 30 mln dlrs andits excess working capital after debt repayment of 70 mln dlrs,according to Business Week.    According to Boyar, the licensing division, Playboy mansionand artwork alone make the firm worth about 20 dlrs a share,the Forbes Magazine article said.    According to Advertising Age, the Playboy logo is the mostrecognized symbol after Coca Cola, another analyst noted.    Radomski, noting that the articles were written withoutcontact with Playboy, said that "from time to time people dospeculate about the company."    She said she had spoken with majority shareholder Hefner inthe "last day or so" for a reaction to the articles.    American Securities analyst David Leibowitz believes"anyone who bought in thinking takeover or lbo (leveragedbuyout) is likely to be disappointed because the chances arenil." Management has repeatedly stated it will not take thecompany private, he said.    But "shareholders who held the stock prior to all thepublicity have gotten a heck of a ride for their money," hesaid.    Leibowitz said he also believes that the true asset valueof the company is likely to exceed the current price of thestock. "But a leveraged buyout is not in the cards. I takemanagement at their word," he said.    While Playboy's cable television operation is considered adrain on the company by some analysts, Liebowitz seespotential. "They do have a management plan for the cableoperation and the company as a whole," he said. "Were this planto, in fact, translate into reality, the opportunity forearnings is significant," he said. Reuter&#3;