The dollar is near appropriate levelsagainst European currencies and the yen, and a further fallcould damage confidence in the currency while endangering worldeconomic growth, a top Bundesbank official said.    Board member Leonhard Gleske also told a Forex Associationconference current exchange rates of major currencies "can beviewed as equilibrium levels in a medium-term perspective."    He said the recent Paris agreement on currencystabilisation and policy coordination between the Group of Fiveand Canada may herald "an era of greater exchange ratestability."    The Paris agreement was not, however, an attempt to set uppermanent target zones for exchange rates, Gleske stressed,adding such targets would be extremely difficult to agree andenforce on an international level.    "At present levels the dollar can no longer be consideredgrossly overvalued in relation to the European currencies andthe yen," Gleske said.    He said the dollar had fallen much less against currenciesof important trading nations such as Canada, Korea, Taiwan andHong Kong, and further falls there may still be necessary.    But "a further dollar depreciation against major Europeancurrencies and the yen may not be the best way to restore thedollar to a fully competitive position, as measured by itsweighted external value," he said.   In fact, a further marked decline in the dollar rate wouldhold two major dangers, Gleske said.    First, in countries with large balance of paymentssurpluses such as Japan and West Germany, it threatened tohamper economic growth and thus slow down the expansion of realincome and domestic expenditure necessary to wipe outsurpluses.    Second, in the United States, it could damage investors'confidence in the dollar and thus reduce their willingness tofinance huge fiscal and external payments deficits, Gleskesaid.    Gleske also was strongly sceptical that an internationalsystem of binding target zones for currencies, fluctuating innarrow bands against each other, can be established. Suchtargets threatened to cause policy conflicts, "both withincountries and between them."    For instance, the U.S. Reliance on foreign capital to fundits deficits requires interest rates there be set at highlevels, but domestic considerations call for low ones.    If target zones were established, this would put "pressureon other countries to reduce their interest rates even more,even though this may be in conflict with their own domesticsituation and priorities," he said.    Gleske added, "targeting the exchange rate even within awide margin will meet with serious objections where there is aclearly perceived potential for conflict between domestic andexternal policy priorities."    Commenting on the Paris currency accord, Gleske said itschances of stabilising exchange rates rested heavily on currentinterest rate differentials being maintained.    These chances "seem to me to rest critically on theexpectation that the current configuration of interest rates,and the monetary policies behind them, will assure smoothfinancing of current account imbalances in the months ahead."    Gleske said past experience of currency adjustments hadlearned "that markets are inclined to be impatient and will thustend to overshoot." He said this "would seem to be unnecessaryand should be avoided if at all possible."    Monetary policies can help achieve this, but only ifmarkets believe that pledged changes in fiscal policies willlead to balanced international payments, he said. REUTER&#3;