The U.S. Office of Management andBudget does not have a policy position one way or another onwhether the Agriculture Department's commodity certificateprogram should be expanded or contracted, an OMB official said.    Speaking at the National Grain and Feed Association'sannual convention, Ron Landis, chief of OMB's agriculturalbranch, said instead of an across the board policy for oragainst certificates, OMB has worked and will continue to workvery closely with USDA in determining how many certificatesshould be sent out in each government farm payment.    "Recent evidence by the General Accounting Office and theCongressional Budget Office suggest that certificates can anddo increase budget exposure," Landis said.    But Landis also noted that certificates have numerousbeneficial impacts.    These benefits are helping maintain U.S. pricecompetitiveness, freeing up storage space and saving thegovernment storage and handling costs.    The major drawback to certificates, said Landis, is thatthey increase budget exposure relative to cash through use ofthe pik and roll marketing strategy.    In the pik and roll strategy, a farmer puts his grain underloan, redeems it with certificates, then keeps the differencebetween the price he paid for certificates and the county loanrate.    However, if the benefits of certificates outweigh the addedcosts, OMB officials said they will support continuation of theprogram.    "OMB says certificates have a very positive effect on themarket, but the question is do those positive benefits outweighthe added costs. If they do, then the certificate program isgood," an OMB official told Reuters.    Landis calculated that the redemption of each certificateworth 1,500 bushels results in 176 dlrs in storage savings forwheat farmers, 270 dlrs for corn farmers and 92 dlrs forsoybean farmers. The pik and roll strategy represents a benefitof about 35 cents per bushel per farmer, he said.    But Landis also noted that recent studies by CBO suggestthat an additional one billion dlrs of certificates released tothe market could result in outlays of 1.15 dlrs in cash forevery dlr released in certificates.    OMB is concerned that too many certificates released ontothe market could cause prices to drop too low and governmentcosts to increase too much.    But Landis said OMB has not determined what amount ofcertificates would be excessive. Reuter&#3;