Borrowing on the international capitalmarkets contracted significantly in March with 23.1 billiondlrs of medium and long-term funds raised, down 3.4 billionfrom February and about nine billion dlrs less than in March1986, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Developmentsaid in its latest monthly report.    Borrowing on external bond markets totalled 19.7 billiondlrs, some 1.1 billion below the February figure.    The market for floating rate notes saw further setbacks andthe volume of new offerings fell to only 800 mln dlrs from 1.4billion in February.    For the first quarter as a whole, the OECD said, fundsraised on the floating rate bond market totalled three billiondlrs, the lowest figure since the third quarter of 1982.    Activity on the straight bond market was also less buoyantthan in previous months while equity-related offeringscontinued to benefit from the good performance of major stockmarkets.    Exchange rate uncertainties continued to have a majorimpact on the currency composition of new bonds. Dollar issuestotalled 6.8 billion dlrs, accounting for only 35 pct of totalofferings, but borrowing was particularly heavy on the euroyenmarket (3.3 billion dlrs) and in sterling (2.8 billion dlrs).    Offerings of mark bonds declined to 1.3 billion dlrs fromaround three billion dlrs in the two previous months, whilststrong advances were recorded in the euro-Australian andeuro-Canadian dollar sectors, where new offerings exceeded onebillion dlrs, the OECD said.    In the syndicated credit market, the volume of new loansfell to 2.4 billion dlrs in March from 4.2 billion in February.Similarly, activity on the market for note issuance and otherback-up facilities fell to one billion dlrs from 1.5 billion.    In March, OECD borrowers accounted for over 90 pct of totalborrowing. Japan was the largest fund-raiser with 4.5 billiondlrs, followed by the U.S. With 3.9 billion and Britain with2.4 billion dlrs.    France, West Germany and Norway raised funds of over onebillion dlrs each.    Borrowing by developing countries totalled one billiondlrs, about the same amount as in February. But borrowing byeast European countries fell to 300 mln dlrs from 600 mln inFebruary, the OECD added. REUTER&#3;