Ivory Coast today predicted that thepresent coffee price crash recorded after the collapse of therecent International Coffee Organisation (ICO) meeting inLondon would not last long.    Commenting on Monday's failure by producer and consumernations to agree on new export quotas needed to tighten anoversupplied coffee market, Ivorian Agriculture Minister DenisBra Kanon told reporters that traders would eventually beobliged to restore their positions.    "I am convinced the market is going to reverse by April," hetold a news conference here at his return from the failedLondon talks.    Robusta coffee beans for May delivery ended the day inLondon down about 50 sterling at 1,265 sterling a tonne, thelowest since 1982.    Bra Kanon estimated at at least 535 billion CFA francs(1.76 billion dlrs) the overall loss in revenues earned byIvory Coast from all its commodities exports this year if theslide on the world markets continues.    He disclosed that his country - the world's biggest cocoaproducer and the third largest for coffee -- would spearhead anAfrican initiative to reach a compromise formula by the end ofnext month.    Ivory Coast has been chosen by the Abidjan-basedInter-African Coffee Organisation (IACO) to speak on behalf ofthe continent's 25 producer nations at the London talks.    "An initiative from IACO is likely very soon," he saidwithout elaborating.    "Following the London collapse, we have immediately embarkedon a concertation course to avoid breaking an already fragilemarket," he said.    Questioned by journalists, the minister said PresidentFelix Houphouet-Boigny estimated for the moment that hisgovernment would not be forced to reduce the price guaranteedby the state to Ivorian coffee-growers for the current season.    Last year, the West African nation announced that thecoffee producer price would stay at 200 CFA francs (65 cents)per kilo.    Bra Kanon said that his country would strive to diversifyits agricultural production to avoid beeing too dependent fromworld market fluctuation.    A communique read over the state-run television tonightsaid that during today's weekly cabinet meeting, the veteranIvorian leader reaffirmed "his faith in Ivory Coast's bright(economic) future" despite the commodities price slide.    The Agriculture Minister also announced the governmentdecided to earmark a sum of 7.5 billion CFA francs (24.71 mlndlrs) to support the country's small farmers.    Financially-strapped Ivory Coast, long regarded as one ofAfrica's showpiece economies, is going through difficult timesfollowing the sharp slump in the world price of cocoa andcoffee.    Ivory Coast's real gross domestic product is expected togrow only one pct this year compared to five pct in 1986,according to a recent Finance Ministry estimate. Reuter&#3;