The Polish government has backed downfrom some proposed price rises in the face of strong oppositionfrom trade unions, but has restated its commitment to economicreforms entailing tougher discipline and austerity measures.    Following a warning from the officially-backed OPZZ unionsthat sharp price hikes could spark confrontation, thegovernment has agreed that food prices this year will rise anaverage 9.6 pct instead of the planned 13 pct.    A statement last night said the government had "partiallyaccepted" demands for the protection of the low-paid and agreedto extend some social benefits.    But Polish leader Wojciech Jaruzelski, at a separatemeeting yesterday, sharply criticised the slow pace of reforms.    He told an economic commission that tougher discipline andausterity measures, greater efficiency and initiative shouldreplace waste, red tape and inertia. He announced cost-cuttingmeasures affecting central administrative bodies.    OPZZ economic expert Zbigniew Kochan welcomed the move onfood prices. "This decrease was considerable," Kochan toldReuters today. "Also important is the fact that the governmentadmitted we were right and agreed to consult us over pricesfrom now on," he added.    The communique made no mention of curbs on wage increases,or price rises in sectors including transport and energy.    The authorities have said prices could go up by as much as26 pct as state subsidies are sharply reduced in an effort tomake the market more free and to improve efficiency.    The OPZZ unions are officially recognised by the governmentand replaced the Solidarity movement suppressed under martiallaw. They claim a membership of seven million.    Western diplomats said today the climb-down on food priceswas a limited concession. "This is a small price to pay if theycan push through the other price rises," one said, adding thatfuel and energy rises would have a more significant effect.    He noted that there had been a concerted media campaign toprepare people for price rises, including a major article in amass-circulation women's magazine, "clearly aimed at those whodo the shopping," he said.    Other articles in the official press this week have focusedon coal, which sells to both industrial and private consumersat far less than either the production or export costs.    Countering scepticism from opposition sources and formerSolidarity activists as to OPZZ's role, Kochan said "It wasdefinitely not a question of gaining credibility, but trueconcern for people's living standards."    Deputy Prime Minister Jozef Koziol said the authorities'main aim was not to harm workers' living standards. But he wasalso quoted by the official PAP news agency as saying thegovernment had to take current economic realities into account. REUTER&#3;