Companies offering variable life insurancepolicies, introduced in Japan in October, look set to reportsparkling results when they report on fund performance laterthis month, fund managers at major insurance companies said.    The managers told Reuters some insurers showed variablelife returns topping 50 pct on an annual basis in the fivemonths to March 31. Industry sources said all 17 Japanese andU.S. Insurers offering variable life policies here have earnedreturns of more than 10 pct on their investments.    Returns on variable life policies, which are paid whenpolicies are surrendered, depend on the performance of fundsrun by insurers.    Managers said strong results are due to the loading offunds into the buoyant Tokyo stock market and into convertiblebonds and attractive short-term instruments such as large yentime deposits.    Japanese share prices rose 30 pct in absolute terms betweenNovember 1 and March 31. Key bond yields fell to around fourpct from five pct in the same period.    "Variable life avails itself of the times and clients arelikely to be attracted after the impressive results to be madepublic in early June," Ichirou Hayashi, general manager ofNippon Life Insurance Co Ltd's fund management office said.    The Finance Ministry does not allow disclosure of insurancecompany figures for the year ended March 31 until early June.    Nippon Life, the largest Japanese insurer, had about 50,000investors in variable life by end-March while the three U.S.Firms which offer variable life here have a total of some 7,550investors, fund managers said.    Equitable Life Insurance Co Ltd, American Life Insurance CoLtd and Sony Prudential Life Insurance Co, which is a jointventure between Sony Corp and Prudential Life Assurance of theU.S., Are the three U.S. Insurers offering variable life here.   "Although (variable life) appears to be a short-termfinancial instrument with death benefit, its first priority isto raise as much cash value as it can over the long period,"said Ichiro Kono, managing director and chief actuary of SonyPrudential. Variable life guarantees a fixed death benefit.    "Variables are also attractive to executives of companieswho wish to receive them as retirement funds with options forsettlement in annuities," Kono said.    Nippon Life's Hayashi said sales of variable life wereshaping up well as interest rate consciousness grows.    Insurance managers said they expect variables to surviveany credit market collapse since the funds should be able toreact to interest rate fluctuations more quickly than hugegeneral insurance accounts, assuming fund managers grow moresophisticated in global fund and risk management.    Japanese life insurers have cut dividends paid to holdersof regular insurance by as much as 0.45 of a percentage pointsince April 1 due to declining domestic interest rates.    Fund managers said regular insurance funds are investedmore conservatively with decisions based on long-termstrategies. Major life insurers are expected to report hugeexchange losses, estimated at over 2,000 billion yen, onforeign investment for 1986/87, they said.    "Asset mix is more of a concept for larger funds, not forour variables, especially after the huge currency losses madein the last fiscal year," Hayashi of Nippon Life said.    Industry analysts said shifts of funds ahead of tax changesdue in October are helping boost the demand for variable life.    The government is expected to impose a 20 pct withholdingtax on interest from certain instruments including singlepremium endowment insurance, much of which is maturing now, butvariable life will be free of such a tax.    But Sony Prudential's Kono said, "A large shift of fundsfrom single premium endowment to variable life is unlikely,because investors in the former are more short-termreturn-minded, while the latter doesn't guarantee short-termcash value."    Sony Prudential and Equitable Life each have three separatevariable life accounts. Equitable's funds specialise inJapanese stocks, U.S. Stocks and money market instruments whileSony's covers bonds, stocks and general investment.    Japanese insurers have only one variable account each.    The Finance Ministry allowed sales of variable lifeendowment with terms over 10-years and whole life insurancefrom October 1 last year but allowed single premiums only onthe latter. REUTER&#3;