European Community (EC) agricultureministers resume discussions in Luxembourg tomorrow on tough1987/88 farm price proposals from the bloc"s executiveCommission with only thin hopes of reaching a quick agreement.    Their current chairman, Belgium"s Paul de Keersmaeker,promised at the end of the group"s last meeting that ifagreement appeared in sight this week, he would keep hiscolleagues at the negotiating table for long days and nights.    But one diplomat told journalists: "I don"t think you need toworry about that. We are a long way from the crunch yet."    The commission has tabled a series of proposals which farmexperts say would together amount to the most swingeing attackon overspending on the bloc"s Common Agricultural Policy, andthe biggest blow to farmers" incomes, in years.    As well as cuts in common farm prices of 2.5 pct in the keycereals sector, quality standards for farm goods sold into ECsurplus stores would be raised and the period of the year whensuch sales were allowed restricted.    The experts say prices received by farmers would be cut byover 10 pct for many crops if such measures were agreed.    The effects, however, would be mitigated by Commissionproposals unveiled on April 14 for generous cash grants tofarmers worst hit by the struggle to curb EC food surpluses.    When ministers met on March 30 and 31 in Brussels forinitial discussions on the farm price package, several, notablyFrance"s Francois Guillaume and West Germany"s Ignaz Kiechle,said the proposals were unacceptably tough.    Only the Dutch and British delegations gave general supportto the Commission line that such drastic measures werenecessary to curb surplus food production in the EC and toreduce the massive cost of the CAP.    But even then, the British are among several delegationswhich oppose the Commission"s controversial plan to raise twobillion European Currency Units through a tax on imported andEC-produced oilseeds and fats.    In order to seek common ground, de Keersmaeker plans tospend the whole of tomorrow in bilateral meetings with each ofhis colleagues in turn.    Diplomats said although the ministers will meet together onTuesday, de Keersmaeker is likely to conclude that furthertalks at the level of officials are necessary and that the hardbargaining will have to wait until May. REUTER&#3;