West German private banks, in thelatest twist in a long-running battle over the size of theirholdings in industry, have said the holdings were falling andrejected calls for tighter limits on these participations.    Under West Germany's banking system, banks can hold sharesin non-banking companies giving them seats on companysupervisory boards, and administer the holdings of smallshareholders in safe custody accounts.    Holdings of over 25 pct, which give a veto right in thesupervisory board of a company, must be disclosed.    "The claim that the concentration of power has intensified,as made by the Monopolies Commission, therefore turns out notto be accurate ... There is no reason to impose further legalrestrictions on the acquisition of holdings by banks," it said.    The Association's letter is the latest skirmish in a longrunning battle between banks on the one hand and a range ofgovernment offices and political lobbies on the left and right.    The number of holdings above 10 pct in public companieswith a nominal share capital of over one mln marks held bythese 10 banks fell to 86 in 1986 from 129 in 1976, it said.    Of these 43 reductions, 41 represented holdings of over 25pct in 1976. The banks' holdings of nominal share capital fellto 1.70 billion marks in 1986, or 1.34 billion adjusted forcapital changes in the past 10 years from 1.80 billion in 1976.    Over this period total West German nominal share capitalrose to 235 billion marks from 136 billion, so that the holdingof banks in German companies fell to 0.7 pct from 1.3 pct.    The nominal share capital of listed non-bank companies roseto an estimated 49 billion marks in 1986 from 35.58 billion in1976, with banks' holdings falling to 1.57 billion marks or 3.2pct from 1.61 billion marks or 4.5 pct, the Association said.    It argued that bank representatives were in a minority onthe supervisory boards of the 100 biggest German companies, andin most cases could be blocked by non-banking representatives.    The survey covered Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F>, Dresdner BankAG &lt;DRSD.F>, Commerzbank AG &lt;CBKG.F>, Bayerische Vereinsbank AG&lt;BVMG.F> and Bayerische Hypotheken- und Wechsel-Bank AG&lt;BHWG.F>.    It also covered Berliner Handels- und Frankfurter Bank&lt;BHFG.F>, &lt;Berliner Bank AG>, &lt;Industriekreditbank AG>,Vereins- und Westbank AG &lt;VHBG.F> and &lt;Baden-WuerttembergischeBank AG>.    Deutsche holds by far the largest number of such stakes,including 28.5 pct of Daimler-Benz AG &lt;DAIG.F>.    Criticism of the bank holdings has not only come from theMonopolies Commission and left-wing parties. An advisorycommission, in a report late last year to the EconomicsMinistry, urged implementation of the five pct proposed by theMonopolies Commission to promote competition and avoid interestconflicts.    The Economics Ministry has been controlled by the liberalFree Democrat Party, junior partner in the centre-rightcoalition government and increasingly in favour ofderegulation.    Furthermore the West German Supreme Court recentlysupported an action by a private Deutsche shareholder demandingmore transparency in the bank's balance sheet.    The shareholder argued that the bank's ability to declareindustrial stakes of more than 25 pct as only temporaryholdings evaded the statutory requirement to report them infull. If a bank declares stakes temporary it does not have todisclose them but can include them under securities holdings.    The case is due to be heard again by the Frankfurt higherregional court. REUTER&#3;