A year after squeezing to power with anarrow bare coalition majority, Gaullist Prime minister JacquesChirac has swept away a cobweb of controls and regulationschoking the French economy.    But France is still waiting for a promised industrialrecovery the government says will follow from its free marketpolicies. Company profits and the stock market are rising. Butso is unemployment. Growth is stagnant at about two pct a yearand the outlook for inflation, held to a 20-year low of 2.1 pctin 1986, is uncertain.    Forced last month to cut the government's 1987 growthtarget and raise its inflation estimate, Finance MinisterEdouard Balladur ruled out action to stimulate the economy. Butsome government supporters say they fear time for an economicmiracle may be running out.    The political clock is ticking towards Presidentialelections due by April next year.    France's economic performance, led by a mixed cast ofright-wing ministers and a socialist President, has won mixedreviews from non-partisan analysts.    For Michel Develle, Director of Economic Studies atnewly-privatised Banque Paribas, the government's outstandingachievement has been to launch "a veritable intellectualrevolution" breaking the staid habits formed by centuries ofstate control.    "The figures may look mediocre -- neither good nor bad --but set in their context of structural reforms, they areexcellent," Develle said.    But some analysts say they fear that Balladur, chiefarchitect of the government's free market policies, may bepursuing a mirage.    "The belief that economic liberalism will produce anexplosion of economic forces is ideological" said Indosuez chiefeconomist Jean Cheval. "Personally I think it's an illusion.Dirigisme (direction) is a basic fact of the French system,from school onwards. Ultra-liberalism is impossible."    Illusion or not, the government has pushed its vision hard.Over the past year foreign exchange and consumer price controlshave been largely abolished, labour regulations have beenpruned to ease the sacking of redundant workers and a hugelypopular programme has been launched to sell state-owned banksand industries to private investors.    Since December, nearly five mln French investors havebought shares in Cie Financiere de Paribas &lt;PARI.PA> and glassmaker Cie de Saint-Gobain SA &lt;SGEP.PA>, the first two statecompanies brought to the stock market under the 300 billionfranc five-year privatisation plan.    Encouraged by an amnesty for past illegal exports ofcapital, and the lifting of most currency controls, money hasflooded into the Paris stockmarket from abroad, helping to liftthe market 57 pct last year and another 12.5 pct sinceDecember.    At the end of last year the government abolished pricecontrols that had existed for 42 years on services such as carrepairs and hairdressing, freeing from state intervention smallbusinesses which account for some 60 pct of the French economy.    The immediate result was a 0.9 pct rise in consumer pricesin January, partly responsible for a forced revision in theofficial 1987 inflation forecast, to 2.5 pct from two pct orless.    "But even 2.5 pct would be a fantastic result, when youconsider that prices are now free for the first time since1945," commented Develle of Paribas.    Other achievements include a major reduction in the state'sforeign debts, and a cut in the state budget deficit to 141.1billion francs last year, 2.5 billion francs below target anddown from 153.3 billion in 1985.    But despite a healthy balance of payments surplus and agradual improvement in industrial productivity, the Frenchfranc was forced by speculators in January into a humiliatingthree pct devaluation against the West German mark, its secondsince Chirac took power.    A recent report by the Organisation for EconomicCooperation and Development pilloried French industry forfailing to produce the goods that its potential customerswanted.    Outside the mainly state-controlled high technologysectors, French industrial goods were "increasingly ill-adaptedto demand" and over-priced, the report said.    French economists, including Cheval at Indosuez, agreedwith the report. "One of the assumptions of the government isthat if you give them freedom, the employers will invest andmodernise....But nine out of ten will say yes, they likefreedom, and then wait to be told which way to go," he said.    And despite rising industrial investment and theintroduction of special incentives to boost youth employment,the end-1986 number of jobless was reported at a record 2.7million, some 300,000 more than a year earlier.    The problem for the government is that there may be littlemore it can do to prod the economy into faster growth.    French producers failed more than most to take advantage oflast year's oil price falls and growth hopes now rest on theshaky prospects of expansion in other industrial countries likeWest Germany and Japan, they say. REUTER...&#3;