Singapore's major banks arediversifying and gradually shifting their asset holdings fromloans to debt instruments, banking sources said.    The banks following the trend are the &lt;Overseas Union BankLtd>, &lt;United Overseas Bank Ltd>, &lt;Oversea-Chinese BankingCorporation> and the &lt;Development Bank of Singapore Ltd>.    The shift towards securitisation has been helped byvolatile financial markets which have developed hedgingfacilities such as floating rate notes and bonds for riskmanagement, said Overseas Union General Manager Loh Hoon Sun.    Loh told Reuters in an interview that Singapore banks seelimited growth in credit risk. More and more of them areswitching from term lending to major growth areas such asstockbroking and fee based income, he said.    Major local banks ventured into stockbroking after beinggranted seats on the stock exchange. Bankers said they are nowmoving into the new government securities market and the StockExchange of Singapore Dealing and Quotation System.    One foreign banker said the Development Bank and theOverseas Union Bank Ltd have become major players in the equitymarket in Singapore.    Loh said the banks' participation in the stock market hasincreased business transactions and provided long term growthfor the market. The banks are not competition for individualstockbroking firms because of the increased business theygenerate, he added.    Loh said the Stock Exchange of Singapore might expandequity issues by as much as one billion dlrs this year becauseof the increasing ability of foreign and local marketparticipants to absorb new issues.    Loh said &lt;OUB Investment management Ltd>, a subsidiary ofthe Overseas Union Bank Ltd, has teamed up with a U.K. Firm tolaunch the Union Global Fund. The fund is for local investorsseeking capital growth through a diversified internationalportfolio. It will invest in international shares with theemphasis on U.S. And Japanese markets, he said.    &lt;DBS Securities Singapore Pte Ltd>, a subsidiary of theDevelopment Bank of Singapore, has applied to the Hong KongStock Exchange to set up a Hong Kong stockbroking firm.    Loh predicted fixed deposit and prime interest rates inSingapore will stay low this year. As a result, banks will beforced to provide fund management services for major clientsseeking better returns, he said.    Economic analysts and bankers are optimistic the majorbanks will show profits in 1987, helped by higher income fromtreasury and investment banking activities.    They expect the 1987 after-tax profits of Oversea-Chineseand United Overseas to show stable growth of four to eight pctagainst respective gains of four and seven pct in 1986.    Overseas Union's profits are expected to jump to over 40mln dlrs from seven mln dlrs in 1986, economists said.    The Development Bank's after-tax profits rose 39.2 pct in1986 mainly due to a dividend of 20.4 mln dlrs paid by&lt;National Discount Company Ltd> before it became a subsidiaryof the bank, they said. REUTER&#3;