The French government has set the publicoffer price of shares for the state-owned &lt;Banque du Batimentet des Travaux Publics> at 130 francs, valuing the bank at 416mln francs, the Finance Ministry said in a statement.    This follows an analysis by the privatisation commissionputting the bank's value at at least 400 mln francs.    The public share offer will open on April 6 and close onApril 10.    The share capital of the bank comprises 3.2 mln shares, ofwhich the state will keep 200,000 to permit it to proceed withfree share issues to small shareholders later, the ministrysaid.    A total of 51 pct of the capital, corresponding to 1.63 mlnshares, will be allocated directly to various investor groupswho responded to invitations for tenders.    A further 1.07 mln shares will be sold to the publicthrough the Paris Bourse and 300,000 shares, or 10 pct ofshares on offer, will be reserved for employees and formeremployees of the bank.    The group comprising Federation Nationale du Batiment,Caisse Nationale de Surcompensation du Batiment et des TravauxPublics, Societe Mutuelle d'Assurance du Batiment et desTravaux Publics and Societe Mutuelle d'Assurance sur la Vie duBatiment et des Travaux Publics received 20.5 pct of capital.    Another group comprising Federation Nationale des TravauxPublics (FNTP), Syndicat Professionel des Entrepreneurs deTravaux Publics de France et d'Outre-Mer and Caisse Nationaledes Entrepreneurs de Travaux Publics de France et d'Outre-Merreceived 11.5 pct of the capital.    A third group comprising Credit Commercial de France (CCF),&lt;Banque Hervet>, Comptoir des Entrepreneurs and ComptoirCentral de Materiel d'Entreprise received eight pct of capital.    Credit Foncier de France (CFF) and Credit Lyonnais wereeach allocated 5.5 pct of the bank's capital.    Private individuals investing in the public share offerwill receive a one-for-10 free share issue if they hold theshares for at least 18 months, up to a limit of five freeshares, while employees and former employees will be entitledto discounts of between five and 20 pct on the issue price. REUTER&#3;