Early dollar straight eurobond trade wasquiet with currency sectors, particularly eurosterling,continuing to perform strongly, closely reflecting currenttrading patterns on the foreign exchanges, dealers said.    Eurosterling bonds continued to rise steadily, bolstered bythe extremely ebullient tone of the U.K. Government bond marketon a combination of positive U.K. Economic fundamentals.    The dollar was initially stabler but most dollar straightbonds were static in dull trade. A handful of issues showedsigns of weakness but dealers said investors were awaitingtoday's release of U.S. Leading indicators for January.    The U.S. Data due out this afternoon is expected to beweak, placing the U.S. Unit under renewed pressure and robbingthe market in dollar-denominated eurobonds of fresh tradingimpetus, one dollar straight trader said.    "It's going to be another tedious day and I can't see howanybody is going to make any money," he said.    Eurosterling issues continued to rally on the back ofgeneral sterling euphoria -- with the U.K. Currency trading atsix month highs on interest rate optimism and the strength ofthe domestic equity markets.    Eurosterling bonds saw early gains of up to half a point.    However, some eurosterling dealers noted the bonds couldsoon fall back marginally if -- as expected -- professionalsstepped in to take profits at current healthy levels.    Trade in mark-denominated bonds was expected to be subduedtoday due to pre-Lenten carnival festivities in West Germany.    There were signs of reawakened investor nerves affectingtrade in the floating rate note market which yesterday startedthe week extremely quietly after a hectic sell-off last week.    FRN dealers said paper of U.S. -- and also of Canadian --banks was seeing some pressure as a result of recent pressreports focussing on their exposure to Latin American debt.    "(Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson) Funaro's visit toEurope has also brought the spotlight back onto the debt crisisafter things had more or less quietened down following thefirst shock statements last week," one FRN specialist said.    Despite the dearth of activity in the dollar straightsecondary market, two new dollar issues were the only earlyfeatures on the primary market.    These were a five year 150 mln dlr deal launched by MorganGuaranty Ltd for Saab Scania at 7-3/4 pct priced at 101-3/4pct.    The other issue was a 100 mln dlr deal -- also due 1992 --for NV Nederlandse Gasunie paying 7-1/4 pct and priced at101-1/8 pct, with Citicorp Investment Bank Ltd as lead manager.    Dealers predicted reasonable demand for both issues duemainly to a lack of fresh, good name paper in the market. REUTER&#3;