British Airways is looking forward toindustry deregulation in Europe and believes it will be asmoother transition than the turmoil that followed the openingof the U.S. skies, its chief executive said.    Colin Marshall told Reuters that Europe will phase inderegulation gradually to avoid the problems created in theU.S. in the late 1970s -- fast growth, unstable fares, newcarriers that went bankrupt and ultimately years of losses foreven the largest airlines.    "In Europe we have the benefit of learning from theAmerican experience," Marshall said. "When you add that to theconservative nature of the Europeans, it amounts to an approachthat is slower and more cautious."    Airline liberalization, as it is called, must first beapproved by the transportation ministers of the EuropeanCommunity nations. This could come this month when theministers meet to take it up, Marshall said in an interviewduring a U.S. visit to talk to airline industry analysts.    "As the largest airline in Europe, and with thesophisticated computer systems we have to help us with yieldand load factors management, I think we have a very goodchance, if not the best chance, of doing well in a liberalizedsituation in Europe," Marshall said.    Airline market deregulation in Europe will open up newroutes between European countries, allow established carriersto grow and permit new airlines to begin operations.    It will also free airlines to fly more seats on any givenroute -- something that is highly regulated now -- and to basefares on market forces. Discount fares in Europe might evenbecome more widespread.    "We think liberalization will help stimulate traffic,"Marshall said.    Lower fares have been offered by British carriers sincedomestic services in Britain were deregulated in 1984, he said.But passengers taking return flights or from other countriespay higher, regulated prices.    Marshall said deregulation will spawn more Europeanairlines, possibly to be followed by a spate of mergers, as ishappening in the United States.    Two airlines, Sabena and Scandinavian Airlines System(SAS), are now discussing a merger. Their success "might openup Europe to further merger activity," he said.    This is because an SAS-Sabena merger could be a test caseto determine whether countries are willing to allow landingrights to be transferred from one carrier to another, he said. Reuter&#3;