Government officials in Malaysia, amajor cocoa producer, have declined to say whether it will jointhe International Cocoa Agreement (ICCA) for which buffer stockrules were agreed in London last week.    Ministry of Primary Industries officials said in Januarythe cabinet would decide on Malaysia's participation, but sofar a decision has not been announced. The government is saidto be in favour of joining the pact, but local cocoa growersand traders told Reuters they are against the idea becausecertain provisions in it may be to their disadvantage.    Malaysia is the world's fourth largest cocoa producer. Thegovernment feels that the pact, through its buffer stockmechanism, can help stabilise prices in a market which islabouring under surpluses, officials said.    But growers and traders are concerned Malaysia'sparticipation in the pact will require them to pay a levy forexports of cocoa to non-member countries of the ICCA.    They estimate the levy at around 100 ringgit a tonne atcurrent prices and said they are not prepared to accept itbecause a big portion of Malaysia's cocoa exports, officiallyestimated at 112,000 tonnes in 1986, goes to non-members.    Most growers and traders added they are also against abuffer stock measure under the agreement which requireswithholding of cocoa stocks when prices slump.    Malaysia, which produced 117,000 tonnes of cocoa last year,might be forced to withhold up to 70,000 tonnes worth some 30mln ringgit under such a measure in the long-term, and thismight affect their economic viability, they said.    "The cost of maintaining such a stock can be high and itwill be a real messy business for the government and the tradeif it ever occurs," an industry source said.    The growers and traders also said that under new bufferstock rules Malaysia can continue to benefit even if it is nota member of the pact, as the buffer stock manager is alsoallowed to buy from non-members for the stockpile.    Under the new rules purchases from non-members, such asMalaysia, will be limited to 15 pct of the total stock.    Malaysia has come under pressure from some producers tojoin the pact soon, officials said, but they noted that it neednot rush to do so as there are provisions which allow countriesto join the agreement even at a later date. REUTER&#3;