A spokesman for the EuropeanCommunity Commission defended the controversial plan for a levyon oils and fats, saying that consumers would have to helpalleviate the surplus problem by paying the proposed tax.    Norbert Tanghe, head of division of the Commission'sDirectorate General for Agriculture, told the 8th Antwerp Oilsand Fats Contact Days "the Commission firmly believes that thesacrifices which would be undergone by Community producers inthe oils and fats sector ... Would justify asking consumers tomake an appropriate contribution to solving the serious problemwithin that sector by paying a levy."    The proposed tax is necessary because the level ofbudgetary costs resulting from olive oil and oilseedsproduction has become unacceptable, Tanghe said.    Recent estimates put these costs at 4.0 billion EuropeanCurrency Units and by 1990 they would rise by another 2.0billion Ecus, he said. In 1990 the Community's "standstill"agreements with Spain and Portugal end and the EC would thenfeel the full impact of its enlargement.    The Commission has proposed several cost and productioncutting measures which include the introduction of a maximumguaranteed quantity system, he added.    Under the Commission's system for stabilising consumerprices in the oils and fats sector, a reference price of 700Ecus per tonne for refined soy oil would be introduced, Tanghesaid.    Consumer prices could be raised or lowered by a regulatoryamount when market prices are below or above this level.    He said the revenue generated by charging a regulatoryamount would be used to finance the Common AgriculturalPolicy's oils and fats regime.    "The Commission believes that hostile reactions (to theproposed tax) have for the most part been based on incompleteor an insufficiently thorough analysis of the proposal," he said.    Tanghe said the proposed system conforms with GeneralAgreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT, rules.    It would not be discriminatory because it would be appliedto domestic and imported products, and past experience showedit would not cause any decline in consumption of oils and fats.    EC-produced oilseeds would not benefit more than they dounder present aid arrangements, he said.    The competitiveness between different oils, whether ECproduced or imported, would remain unchanged and quantitiesimported from third countries would not be affected by the tax,Tanghe said.    The proposed system would not alter the EC nations'requirements as far as imports are concerned since the overalleffect would stabilise Community production levels withoutaffecting demand, he said.    It is one of the proposal's objectives to maintain currentimport levels, he said.    Imports of soybeans would be unaffected because they areimported primarily to satisfy the EC's cakes and mealsrequirements, which are not covered by the stabilising system.Furthermore, more than half the oil produced from importedbeans is re-exported to third countries, Tanghe added. Reuter&#3;