Coffee futures dipped further today andclosed below 1 dlr a pound for the first time in six years.    Coffee for delivery in May ended at 99.28 cents a pound onthe Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, down 0.76 cent and thelowest price since August, 1981.     Prices have been falling steadily since the InternationalCoffee Organization failed in February to reach an agreementcontrolling exports by its members, and pressure was renewedthis week as the executive board of the organization met inLondon without reopening debate on its export quotas.    The executive board has limited its current discussions toadministrative matters and is set to adourn Thursday.    Burdensome supplies have pressed the market down from 1.30dlr a pound in February, when the organization's discussionsaimed at re-establishing export quotas broke down.    Sandra Kaul, a coffee analyst in New York with ShearsonLehman Brothers, said supplies currently are at their highpoint for the year because most producing nations have justcompleted their harvests.    In addition, she said, many of those nations are faced withserious debt and need to sell coffee to raise capital.    "This should keep substantial pressure on exporters toundertake sales despite the drop in prices," she said.    Further, U.S. demand could be sluggish because winter, theperiod of greatest consumption, is ending. Prices could fallanother 10 cents to 15 cnts a pound, analysts said.    Gold futures retreated from modest early gains and closedsteady while silver prices rallied on the Commodity Exchange inNew York.    The increase in U.S. banks' prime rates prompted concernabout renewed inflation, but the strength of the U.S. dollardiscouraged new buying.    "The market is getting mixed signals and it doesn't knowwhich way to go," one analyst said.    Gold futures retreated from modest early gains and closedsteady while silver prices rallied on the Commodity Exchange inNew York.    The increase in U.S. banks' prime rates prompted concernabout renewed inflation, but the strength of the U.S. dollardiscouraged new buying.    "The market is getting mixed signals and it doesn't knowwhich way to go," one analyst said. Reuter&#3;