Congressional investigators of theIran-contra scandal have tentatively agreed to grant immunityfrom prosecution to a star witness --President Reagan's formernational security adviser John Poindexter, congressionalsources said today.    Sources told Reuters the chief counsels of the two specialcommittees probing the two-year episode that has darkened theWhite House image plan to take their preliminary accord tocourt-appointed special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh, possiblytoday or tomorrow.    The tentative accord follows weeks of negotiating withWalsh and with committee members.   Poindexter would be the highest ranking official to begranted immunity in the investigations of the 1985-1986 armssales to Iran to gain release of hostages held in Lebanon andthe clandestine shifting of arms profits to arm U.S.-backedrebels in Nicaragua, at a time aid would have been illegal.    If the agreement --reached on Friday by Arthur Liman andJohn Nields, chief legal advisors of the Senate and Housecommittees respectively --is ratified as expected by Walsh andthe full committees, closed door interviews could be held withPoindexter in two months with public testimony in about 90 daysor mid June, sources said.    "They have tentatively reached an agreement and are supposedto meet with Walsh or his deputies," a source told Reuters ofthe deliberations by the two chief counsels    Sources said Poindexter could assist investigatorsdetermine what Reagan knew about the diversion of funds fromarms sales to Iran to rebels in Nicaragua, if anything.    Reagan has denied knowing about the shift of funds althoughhe has admitted he gave orders to sell arms through Israel ineither August or after the first shipment in September 1985,but can't remember when. Congress was kept in the dark aboutthe affair until last autumn.    "He will be a credible witness," one source said of thepipe-smoking Poindexter.     Besides Reagan's knowledge, or lack of it, another keyunanswered questions lingering from earlier congressionalinvestigators and a special presidential review board, is whoreceived  millions of dollars from clandestine arms profits.      So far the money trail uncovered by probers stops at secretSwiss and Cayman Islands bank accounts.    The committees have been privately negotiating with Walshover the immunity matter, and the prosecutor, also called anindependent counsel, has been urging the committees to hold offon their request for at least 90 days.    Under the tentative accord, the wishes of Walsh could bemet since public testimony is not expected before 90 days.    Poindexter, a Navy vice admiral, along with his fireddeputy at the National Security Council, Marine Lt. Col. OliverNorth, have refused to testify before investigators,claiming their fifth amendment rights against selfincrimination.    Yesterday, Vice President George Bush said in a atelevision interview that he disagreed with Maureen about courtmartials, but he too disclaimed any details of diverted funds.    So far, granting immunity to compel testimony fromreluctant witnesses has been granted to five persons--with thekey figure so far, shadowy California international armsmerchant Albert Hakim.    Also, getting immunity has been North's attractive personalsecretary, Fawn Hall, who was said to have assisted North inshredding documents in his White House basement office afterthe scandal broke. Reuter&#3;