The Justice Department said it askedthe government to proceed cautiously on a plan allowing thenation's two largest intercity bus companies to merge theiroperations, a move one of the firms said may derail the deal.    Justice's opposition to quick federal approval of a bid byGreyhound Lines Inc to take immediate control Trailways Corpprompted Greyhound to threaten -- in a brief filed with theInterstate Commerce Commission (ICC) -- to drop the mergerplan.    Greyhound officials told Reuters late today the companyhoped for ICC action on the merger by tomorrow.    "Greyhound Lines will go forward with the transaction onlyif it is permitted to assume immediate, unconditional controlof Trailways' operations and to integrate them with itsoperations," Greyhound said in a filing with the ICC, thefederal regulatory agency which has the final say over mergersof interstate bus companies.    But Justice had said in an earlier filing with the ICC thatit wanted the agency to move slowly on the plan and to turndown Greyhound's request to begin operating Trailwaysimmediately.    "The department has just begun to receive relevantinformation on Trailways' financial condition and is in theprocess of assessing the correctness of the company'sallegations," acting Assistant Attorney General Charles Rulesaid in comments submitted to the ICC.    Greyhound announced June 19 that it wanted the ICC to letit begin operating Trailways immediately while continuing toevaluate the merger for possible antitrust problems.    Greyhound said it would pay 80 mln dlrs for many ofTrailways' terminals, buses and garages.    The two companies said in papers filed with the ICC thatTrailways "could collapse in a matter of days."    They said Trailways owed suppliers more than six mln dlrs,with another six mln dlrs due June 30.    The suppliers, they said, could force Trailways intobankruptcy "at any time."    Trailways also owes a consortium of banks 76 mln dlrs, andthe consortium has threatened to call the loan if Trailwaysfails to pay the interest due June 30, they said. Reuter&#3;