Malaysia's net external borrowingsfor 1987 are expected to be maintained at around last year'slevels of about 1.45 billion ringgit, Zain Azraai, secretarygeneral to the Finance Ministry, told an investment seminarhere.    Malaysia's debt service ratio will also be maintained at "alevel no higher than 20 pct," he said. "This is well within thecapacity of the nation to service."    Azraai said the 1986 foreign borrowing level and projectedestimates of 1987 compared favourably with the peak of around5.5 billion ringgit in 1982.    Malaysia's external debts total 48 to 49 billion ringgitand its debt service ratio exceeds 20 pct, the Development Bankof Singapore Ltd, one of Singapore's four major local banks,said in a report released this week.    Azraai said: "While the growth in debt has been rapid inrecent years, it is still within the limits of prudence andconscious efforts have been made and will continue to be madeto decelerate and restrain external borrowings."    He said the Malaysian government is urgently addressing thetwin deficits of the Federal Budget and the balance of paymentswhich followed two recessions in the 1980s.    Azraai said Malaysia's public sector deficit had risen dueto the contraction in the government's resources as well as therapid growth in public expenditures.    With declining incomes and export earnings, the bases forresource generation became limited, and the government will notraise taxes because current tax margins are high compared toMalaysia's neighbours, he said.    "As such the remaining avenue for rationalising andconsolidating the budget is through expenditure reductions," hesaid.    Azraai said the Malaysian government's developmentexpenditures were cut by about 25 pct in 1987, while those ofstate enterprises were reduced by 41 pct.    He said: "A commitment has been undertaken to reduce thebudget deficit over time and to balance the Federalgovernment's budget current account deficit by 1989."    Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin presented abudget for 1987 which foresees a deficit of 9.4 billionringgit, down from 11.6 billion in 1986, with federal spendingtargetted at 27.4 billion, down from 30.8 billion, and revenueat 18 billion against 19.2 billion.    Azraai said the government will cut the size of the publicsector and privatize those operations which may be better runby the private sector. New measures have been introduced toboost the private sector and attract foreign investment.    A higher proportion of foreign ownership, even up to 100pct, is now possible for new investments in the manufacturingsector made between October 1986 and December 1990, he said.    "The long term prospects of the Malaysian economy are bright... Indications are already available to show that the economyis recovering and that growth will be positive and strongerthan originally expected," Azraai said. REUTER&#3;