The restoration of coffee export quotasbefore the end of the current 1986/87 coffee year (Oct 1/Sept30) now seems unlikely, given reluctance by InternationalCoffee Organization, ICO, producers and consumers to resumenegotiations on an interim quota accord, producer delegatestold reporters.    Consumers and most producers see no point in reopening thequota dialogue while Brazil's position remains unchanged, theysaid.    Brazil's refusal to accept a reduction in its previous 30pct share of the ICO's global export quota effectivelytorpedoed talks here last month aimed at restoring quotasbefore October, the delegates noted.    Disappointment at the lack of progress on quotas forcedcoffee futures in London and New York to new lows today,traders here said. Near May in New York fell below one dlr inearly trading at around 99.10 cents per pound, traders said.    Producer delegates said that while the possibility ofreimposing quotas before October remained on the ICO agenda, inpractice the idea had effectively been discarded.    The ICO's executive board session here this week has so farbarely touched on the quota debate, demonstrating generalunwillingness to revive talks while chances of success arestill remote, producer delegates said.    Some producers are in no hurry to see quotas restored,despite the price collapse seen since the failure of lastmonth's negotiations, they said.    "With Brazil's frost season approaching, who wants tonegotiate quotas," one leading producer delegate said.    Coffee prices normally rise during Brazil's frost season(mainly June-August) as dealers and roasters build up stocks asinsurance against possible severe frost damage to Brazil'scrop.    Many producers are more interested in working towardsreimposing quotas from October 1, based on a new system ofquota allocations valid until the International CoffeeAgreement expires in 1989, they said.    Guatemala has already proposed the "other oilds" producergroup should meet in the next two months to begin talks on howto allocate quota shares.    Producers still seem divided on how to overhaul the quotadistribution system, with some producer delegates reportinggrowing support for a radical reallocation, based on theprinciple of "objective criteria" favoured by consumers.    At last month's council session a splinter group of smallproducers backed consumer demands for new quota shares based onexportable production and stocks, while Brazil, Colombia andthe rest of the producers favoured leaving quota allocationsunchanged, except for some temporary adjustments.    A delegate from one of the eight said more producers nowsupported their cause.    The delegate said unless major producers like Brazil showedreadiness to negotiate new quota shares, prospects for a quotaaccord in October also looked bleak.    The U.S. and most other consumers are still determined tomake reimposition of quotas conditional on a redistribution ofquota shares based on "objective criteria."    ICO observers remained sceptical that Brazil would beprepared to accept a quota reduction when the ICO council meetsin September.    Brazil has adopted a tough stance with banks on externaldebt negotiations and is likely to be just as tough on coffee,they said.    They said Brazil's reluctance to open coffee exportregistrations might reflect fears this would provoke anotherprice slide and force an emergency ICO council session, whichwould most likely end in failure.    Producers met this afternoon to review the market situationbut had only a general discussion about how furthernegotiations should proceed, a producer delegate said.    Producers plan to hold consultations on quotas, and thenmay set a date for a formal producer meeting, but plans are notfixed, he said.    The ICO executive board reconvened at 1650 hours local timeto hear a report from consultants on ICO operations. The boardmeeting looks set to end today, a day earlier than scheduled,delegates said. Reuter&#3;