Canada's airline industry, shaken up bya recent merger that creates a powerful new competitor forgovernment-owned Air Canada, has begun its first serious drivefor profitability in 50 years, industry analysts said.    "Now we've got a company that can compete with Air Canada,"said Thomas Bradley of Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd."Clearly, it can go head-to-head in any market."    The new airline, which arose from the 300-mln-Canadian-dlrtakeover of Canadian Pacific Air Lines Ltd by the small butcash-rich Pacific Western Airlines Corp, was launched last weekas Canadian Airlines International Ltd.    Canadian Airlines will have 35-40 pct of the6-billion-Canadian-dlr domestic market, against Air Canada's50-55 pct. Wardair International Ltd is third with about ninepct.    Analysts believe Pacific Western's aggressive andcost-conscious chairman Rhys Eyton will develop the truepotential of the former CP Air, which floundered for fourdecades inside the bureaucracy of conglomerate Canadian PacificLtd.    They said CP Air's management style had been not muchdifferent from that of Air Canada, formed 50 years ago, becauseneither airline was held accountable to its owners.    "Not that long ago, maybe even just six months ago, thesetwo airlines were totally fiscally irresponsible. Neitherseemed that concerned about the bottom line," said Bradley.    "But with CP Air being run by Eyton, it will be veryconscious of profitability and shareholder return. And AirCanada is on the verge of going that way," he said.    CP Air, always fighting for market share rather thanprofits, was "a perennial money-loser," analyst Wilfred Hahn ofBache Securities Inc said in a recent report.    Prior to its takeover in December, it had accumulatedlong-term debt of 600 mln Canadian dlrs. From 1981 to 1985, itslosses totaled 87 mln Canadian dlrs.    Air Canada, widely expected to be privatized later thisyear in a public share offering, lost 14.8 mln Canadian dlrs onrevenues of 2.72 billion dlrs in 1985. It has a debt of morethan 2 billion dlrs.    Although only a minority interest is likely to be sold tothe public, the prospect of privatization at a time ofincreased competition is forcing Air Canada to pay moreattention to finances, analysts said.    It recently disclosed that it expects to report a profit "inexcess of 35 mln to 40 mln dlrs" for 1986. However, this profitrecovery was due less to management skill than the fact thatall Canadian airlines had a good year in 1986, analysts said.    Tourists came to Canada in record numbers last year,attracted by the relatively weak Canadian dollar and Expo 86 inVancouver, which alone had more than 22 mln visitors.    For the next few years, most analysts see three-six pct airtraffic growth, and they expect profits will come fromcost-cutting and careful spending.    Peter Friend of Walywn Stodgell Cochran Murray Ltd saidinstitutional buyers will be eager to add Air Canada to theirportfolios as a blue-chip investment, but warned that newcompetition makes profit growth less certain.    "The airline with something to lose will be Air Canada. Atone time, it had a fixed system which was theirs and nobodyelse's," Friend said.    Many analysts recommend that investors buy and hold airlineshares for at least a year.    Analysts said Air Canada's immediate concern ahead of apublic stock offering will be unloading unprofitable air routeswithout setting off a political storm.    It also will be faced with an expensive but necessaryupdating of its aging fleet of 111 aircraft.    Wardair, preferring strong medicine now instead of later,already has embarked on a one-billion-Canadian-dlr purchase ofa dozen aircraft from Europe's Airbus Industrie.    Canadian Airlines, which has 81 aircraft, last week orderedsix commuter planes from British Aerospace and said it wouldsoon buy as many as six wide-bodied aircraft from Airbus or theBoeing Co.    Analysts said Canadian Airlines, with its newer fleet,needs to make fewer replacements and can afford these withouthurting profits.    Steven Garmaise of Wood Gundy Inc expects CanadianAirlines' profit in 1988 will more than double last year's 29.8mln Canadian dlrs by Pacific Western. Reuter&#3;