A parliamentary boycott by oppositionmembers has forced the government to compile its largest-everprovisional budget, finance ministry officials said.    The 7,900 billion yen budget for the first 50 days offiscal 1988 starting April exceeds the previous record of 3,040billion yen for an 11-day budget in fiscal 1984.    An on-again, off-again parliamentary boycott by oppositionparties over a proposed five pct sales tax has preventedpassage of the full 1987/88 budget within the current yearending March 31.    The stop-gap budget, which is expected to pass parliamenton March 31, is designed to respond to mounting calls foreconomic stimulus from domestic industries, hard hit by theyen's sharp rise, officials said.    It will include as much as 1,800 billion yen for publicworks, about 30 pct of the 6,000 billion yen earmarked for suchworks in the full budget. Traditionally, a provisional budgetcovers only day-to-day mandatory expenses.    The government also expects the budget to meet pressurefrom trading partners for an expansion of Japanese domesticdemand, they said.    The budget includes expenditures for a program to create300,000 jobs and other reflationary measures, the officialssaid.    They quoted ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) secretarygeneral Noboru Takeshita as telling opposition party officialsyesterday that the budget should include as much pump-primingas possible.    Economists said confidence of opposition members in theircampaign to scrap the sales tax has been heightened by theirsuccess in forcing the adoption of a stop-gap budget and couldlead to even further delays in passing the full budget.    The result may be that the government will have to delayits planned announcement of a set of pump-priming measures inApril, economists said.    That package is expected to include a plan to carry outmore than 80 pct of total 1987/88 public works in the firsthalf of the fiscal year, a government official said.    Japanese press reports said some LDP executives suggestedNakasone may have to give up plans to visit Washington in Aprilbecause of the sales tax confrontation. Nakasone hopes to meetPresident Reagan to prepare for the economic summit of sevenmajor industrial democracies in June, they added. REUTER&#3;