U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker saidhe was making progress negotiating reform of the Inter-AmericanDevelopment Bank with other member nations.    In a speech prepared for delivery to the annual meeting ofthe IADB, Baker said, "We are making progress in negotiatingreforms."    And he added that if succesful, Washington would be readyto put up an additional nine billion dlrs to the seventh IADBfour-year capital replenishment, an increase of 75 pct.    It was not immediately clear what the overall size of thecapital replenishment would be if the U.S. went ahead with sucha capital increase.    But Baker's statement that he had made progress innegotiating reforms came after a weekend meeting of the bank'spolicy making board of governors at which the reform issue wasput off until next June because of deep differences betweenWashington and Latin borrowing countries.    Baker said the U.S. increase would account for 70 pct ofthe bank's useable financial resources.    Currently Washington is only allowed to vote 34.5 pct inIADB board meetings considering loans to Latin Americancountries.    But the Latin borrowing nations control 54 pct of the voteand frequently approve loans to which economic reformconditions are not tied.    Baker pointed out that Western nations which provide 95 pctof the bank's financial resources represent just 46 pct of thevote.    Baker said the U.S seeks a greater say in bank decisionsfor itself and other creditor countries.    "In view of this imbalance we don't believe it isunreasonable to ask for a change," Baker said. He said thechanges sought by the U.S. would require loan approval by agreater majority of shares than a simple majority.    But he stopped short of reaffirming the original U.S.position that veto power should exist with a 35 pct vote.    Enlarging on reforms Washington would like to see, Bakersaid he wanted the IADB to play a much greater role in the U.S.debt strategy for promoting inflation free economic growth,open markets and a reduced government role in the economies ofdebtor nations.    Under reforms he said the U.S. wants the IADB to adopt amajor program of lending to specific economic sectors in debtorcountries on condition the countries carried out policy reformsin those areas of their economies.    Such reforms would include, among other things, moreconcern for natural resource management.    Baker said this lending should help debtors make atransition to more open economies and freer markets.    He also said the bank could double its current lendingvolume from capital and triple its concessional loans to thepoorest nations.    The Treasury Secretary also called for the IADB to improveits analysis of the policies of debtor countries, strengtheningits process for assessing the specific needs of debtor nations.He urged a wholesale reorganization of bank personnel. Bakersaid, "We simply believe that more discretion and policyinfluence should lie with the parties which contribute thelion's share of resources."    He pointed out that despite tight budget problems theReagan administration has asked Congress to finance the IADBand other multilateral development banks.    Pointing out that such funding was difficult today in thebest of circumstances, he said it would be impossible ifCongress did not have confidence in bank lending policies. Reuter&#3;