A commission set up to unravel theaffairs of debt-ridden Air Lanka says the airline amassedlosses of up to 265 mln U.S. Dlrs in "the most devastatingfinancial tragedy" in Sri Lankan commercial history.    The commission, which scrutinised financial dealings fromaircraft acquisitions to give-away cookbooks, blamed theairline's previous board for the losses. The panel, appointedin August by President Junius Jayewardene, submitted its reportto him on April 20. A copy was obtained by Reuters. The reportwill be made available to the public by next week.    The three-man commission recommended its findings be passedto state law officers to decide whether penal action wasnecessary against any members of the former board or AirLanka's management. The airline comes under the DefenceMinistry, a portfolio held by Jayewardene himself.    The commission said Air Lanka's reports to Jayewardene"blurred" its true financial health. It said the airline hadirretrievably lost its share capital of 3.8 billion rupees.    To finance deficits, it had also used up a treasury loan of800 mln rupees and part of foreign currency loans obtained foraircraft purchases and infrastructure needs, it said.    "Air Lanka is thus indebted to overseas lenders to the valueof one billion rupees without any productive assets orcollateral to provide for its repayment," the commission said.    It said the airline's losses were assessed at 5.59 billionrupees at March 31, 1986. But cumulative losses would reach 7.7billion, implying Air Lanka lost money at the rate of 1.3billion rupees a year between 1979, when it started, and 1986.    "These results must rank as the most devastating financialtragedy ever suffered in Sri Lanka's commercial history," thecommission said.    The report said the airline's dangerously criticalfinancial condition was due to uncontrolled spending --particularly the way in which the airline expanded its fleet --poor marketing, and extreme laxity in cost controls.    "It is clear to us that Air Lanka's misfortunes are largelyof its own creation and that the reponsibility must restprimarily with the board of directors," it said.    Air Lanka had blamed its problems on the effects on tourismof Sri Lanka's Tamil separatist rebellion, the depreciatingrupee and under-capitalisation. The commission dismissed theseas invalid.    The report said most of the major problems stemmed fromconcentration of power by Captain S.R. Wikramanayake who heldthe posts of both chairman and managing director.    "It is mainly he who has to be responsible for whatever thestatus of Air Lanka is in today," it said.    Wikramanayake resigned with the other board members lastNovember. He could not be contacted for comment.    The commission recommended that its findings should bepassed "to the law officers of the state ... To ascertain ifpenal action is necessary against any or all members of theformer board of Air Lanka or its management staff."    The panel recommended equity involvement of one or moreforeign airlines in Air Lanka and the granting of maximumconcessions to make the carrier attractive to foreign and localinvestment. It also suggested selling assets, such as twoBoeing 747s financed by U.S. Dollar loans, to reduce debt.    It said Air Lanka and the government should renegotiateU.S. Dollar-denominated debts into other currencies which formthe core of earnings and obtain lower interest rates. It alsoproposed negotiations for the return of two Lockheed TristarL1011-500s now leased to British Airways before the leasesexpire next March. REUTER&#3;