The Administration's 15 billion dlrplan to recapitalize the Federal Savings and Loan InsuranceCorporation is needed to ensure the future profitablity of theU.S. thrift industry, according to a top industry regulator.    "Today thrifts in overwhelming numbers are profitable," Shannon Fairbanks, executive chief of staff of the Federal HomeLoan Bank Board told a thrift industry conference.    "But every thrift is paying a market tax for the inabliityof regulators to deal with problems carried forward from thepast," she said, referring to the premium that thrifts have topay in the marketplace to entice deposits away from banks.    "The industry wants to see a five billion dlr plan passednow, and then to wait and see what happens," Fairbanks said."They're saying, 'we don't want to pay more right away.' Theargument is that it's a drain on the industry."    "But the dollars paid out can be recaptured in thereduction in the market tax differential," she said. "The costof recapitalization to the industry would be recaptured inbottom line profitability."    Fairbanks said that the public's confidence in thriftinstititutions eroded with the financial difficulties ofsavings and loan associations in Ohio and Maryland in 1985.    As thrift institutions in economically distressed areaslike Texas have continued to fall on hard times, this hasincreased depositors' demand for a higher premium on depositsin savings and loans compared with premiums paid on deposits incommercial banks, she said.    Before 1983, thrift institutions paid a 25 basis pointyield differential on savings deposits over that offered bycommercial banks as mandated by U.S. financial regulations.    With the elimination in 1983 of regulations that had drawnstrict lines between savings and loans and commercial banks,the gap widened to as much as 50 to 75 basis points as warydepositors demanded a higher premium to place their funds inthrift institutions, Fairbanks said.    "The market tax paid by today's thrift industry is the mostsignificant impediment to future profits," she said.    Depositor confidence is also eroded by the existence ofthrifts that are failing but manage to stay in business bypaying deposit rates well above prevailing market rates.    Presently, the FHLBB cannot afford to close failinginstitiutions "because we can't afford it with the currentFSLIC fund," she said.    Fairbanks estimated that the high market tax differentialpaid by thrifts will drop by at least 10 to 20 basis pointswith an adequate recapitalization of FSLIC because it will helprestore this lost confidence. Reuter&#3;