Remarks by central bankers raised somehopes the Bundesbank will cut rates on securities repurchasepacts, but operators remained divided on the likelihood of amove in the near term, money market dealers said.    Comments by Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler yesterdaythat rate cuts were needed to curb money supply growth fromspeculative capital inflows, and by West Berlin state centralbank president Dieter Hiss that there was no natural lowerlimit to the discount rate had, however, no immediate impact.    Call money declined to 3.65/75 pct from 3.75/85 pct but thedrop was tied to extra liquidity in the market, dealers said.    Dealers said the Bundesbank's latest liquidity allotmentthis week dashed some hopes of lower rates.    The Bundesbank allotted only 6.1 billion marks yesterday innew liquidity in a repurchase pact at an unchanged rate of 3.80pct, thus subtracting some 8.8 billion marks from the market,as an outgoing 14.9 billion pact expired.    But some dealers said the smaller volume awarded by thepact was in line with present liquid money market conditions,and did not exlude a cut in the repurchase pact rate soon to3.70 pct if money market rates continue at present levels.    The next opportunity for the Bundesbank to lower rates onrepurchase pacts will be in a tender expected next Tuesday.    Bundesbank officials have already said they favour morediscreet rate adjustments through repurchase pacts, rather thanthe more public adjustment of leading rates.    The Bundesbank may either set a fixed allocation rate andallow banks to tender for the volume, as has been the casesince it lowered its discount rate January 22, or else it mayallow banks to tender for the rate and set the volume itself.    Dealers expect volume of the tender to be lower than the15.2 billion marks flowing out, to offset other incoming funds.    Some seven billion marks is expected to flow in next week.This should then flow back into the market as it is depositedwith banks.    Banks were well supplied with liquidity, holding 61.5billion marks in reserves at the Bundesbank on Tuesday.    Holdings of average daily reserves over the first sevendays of April stood at 59.6 billion marks, still above theestimated 51 billion required for all of April. REUTER&#3;