Merck Co &lt;MRK> and Squibb Corp &lt;SQB>will benefit from a study that shows lower levels of bloodcholesterol slows the build-up of fat in the heart's arteries,lowering the risk of heart attacks, industry analysts said.    Both companies have developed drugs that slow the body'sproduction of cholesterol although Merck is about 18 monthsahead of Squibb with a drug expected to be approved this year.    "Certainly this study will create greater acceptance ofanti-cholesterol drugs," said Robert Uhl, a drug analyst at F.Eberstadt Fleming.    Although neither company's drug was used in the study,which was conducted by a team of scientists at the Universityof Southern California School of Medicine, both are leaders ina new class of drugs that fight cholesterol.    The study, reported in the Journal of the American MedicalAssociation, showed lower levels of cholesterol, achievedthrough a combination of drugs and special diet, slowed and insome cases reversed the build up of fatty deposits in theheart's arteries.    Such build up leads to heart attacks, the leading cause ofdeath in the U.S.    Health officials have said lower levels of cholesterolcould immediately benefit six mln Americans who suffer symptomsof coronary artery disease. The study advocated reduction ofcholesterol in some 40 mln Americans.    As the anti-cholesterol crusade gains momentum, industryanalysts and executives believe a healthier diet and drugtherapy will gain wider acceptance.    In this context, pharmaceutical analyst David Crossen ofSanford C. Bernstein said "the culture can shift in terms ofdrug treatment because some people arn't going to fundamentallyalter their diets".    The worldwide anti-cholesterol drug market is valued at 600mln dlrs a year. But as the new drugs reach the market,analysts estimate revenues will swell to 1.5 billion dlrsannually in about next five years.    The drugs used in the study, in combination with the lowcholesterol diet, were niacin, a common compound, andcolestipol, a drug Upjohn Co &lt;UPJ> has sold since 1977.    But these two drugs have some drawbacks that analysts saythe new drugs from Merck and Squibb avoid. "Niacin leads totremendous amounts of flushing, constipation, or stomachupset," Crossen said.    Colestipol, a sand-like powder, comes in a dosage of 15 to30 grams and must be mixed with a glass of water. "It isn't funto take," Crossen said. Drug analyst Uhl said the drawbacksrestricted Upjohn's sales for the drug, which he said is under10 mln dlrs a year.    In contrast, the new drugs from Merck and Squibb havelittle side effects because they target a key factor in thebody's production of cholesterol -- an enzyme found in theliver.       "Past methods of getting down cholesterol have been rathervariable," said Dr. Charles Sanders, an executive vicepresident at Squibb. The new drugs, in contrast, interupt aclear step in cholesterol production, Sanders said.    Also, the new drugs are easier to take since they come in atablet form swallowed once or twice a day.    Merck's drug, Mevacor, received a recommendation from anadvisory panel of the Food and Drug Administration earlier thisyear and is expected to receive full approval for sale in latesummer or fall.    Squibb's drug, eptastatin, is expected to be submitted forregulatory approval in the first or second quarter 1988,Sanders said.    Warner Lambert Co &lt;WLA> and Bristol Meyers Co &lt;BMY> alsohave cholesterol fighting compounds similar to the Upjohn drug,but only Merck and Upjohn are ahead in the new class ofcholesterol inhibitors. Reuter&#3;