Money market interest rates closed littlechanged after a quiet session as yesterday's talk of lower U.K.Base lending rates fizzled out, dealers said.    Further opinion polls showing the ruling Conservative Partywell ahead had little effect on the market with operatorslooking for more definite news on the political front. Sterlingcontinued quietly steady ahead of the Group of Seven talks inWashington this week.    One senior money broker commented, "What we want is anelection date to put a stop to all the speculation. Once themarket knows what's happening then we can move forward."    The next move in U.K. Base rates, which now stand at 10pct, is still expected to be down but uncertainty over the dateof a general election is making for cautious trading, dealerssaid.    Yesterday, opinion polls showing the Government was set toretain a substantial working majority lifted sterling andfuelled speculation about lower U.K. Interest rates.    The British authorities are likely to remain cautious,however, as the G-7 finance ministers meeting is set to reviewtheir February Paris accord on currency stability. This couldaffect sterling which today was just one basis point lower intrade weighted terms to stand at 72.3.    Dealers noted that longer dated paper again dominated theday-to-day dealings between the discount houses and the Bank ofEngland. As rates fell yesterday, no band four bills, whichhave a maturity of between two and three months weretransacted. Today, however, these again appeared but themajority of the Bank's assistance was provided in the one totwo months range.    The key one and three months interbank rates were unchangedquoted at 10-1/16 9-15/16 and 9-7/8 3/4 pct respectively. Untilfresh economic or political news emerges, dealers say theyexpect the market to continue around these levels with onlytechnical factors provoking small fluctuations in rates.    The Bank of England forecast a 900 mln stg shortage in thesystem today but provided only 713 mln stg assistance. Despitethis, overnight interbank traded in the 11 to 10 pct rangehaving started the day at around 10-1/4 10 pct.    Period interbank rates were little changed with six monthsquoted at 9-3/4 5/8 and one year at 9-5/8 1/2 pct.    Sterling CDs were also mostly steady with six and ninemonths ending the day at 9-9/16 7/16 pct and 9-1/2 3/8 pctrespectively. Eligible bank bill rates showed no change fromlate yesterday with one month at 9-13/16 25/32 pct and threemonths at 9-17/32 15/32 pct. REUTER&#3;