The sharp decline in soybean crush ratiosseen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, haspushed margins below the cost of production at most soybeanprocessing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybeanmeal and oil.    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by theNational Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen overthe past two months when crush margins surged to the bestlevels seen in over a year.    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushedsoybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in theweekly crush number.    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surgein shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the nextfew months.    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feeddemand is very light for this time of year due to the milderthan normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices inan attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recentweeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in thenearby March contract today.    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and soldMay, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crushtrader said.    "But they've been bailing out this week because the Marchhas been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if nottomorrow, then later in the month," he added.    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crushratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents perbushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last twodays.    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so noprocessors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitablelevel, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cutback production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.    With futures down, processors are finding they must bidpremiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 centsfor every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, downsharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and belowthe average cost of production, cash dealers said.    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, withlittle talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. Butprocessors will start halting production in the next few weeksit they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added. Reuter&#3;