Sumitomo Bank Ltd &lt;SUMI.T> is certain tolose its status as Japan's most profitable bank as a result ofits merger with the Heiwa Sogo Bank, financial analysts said.    Osaka-based Sumitomo, with desposits of around 23.9trillion yen, merged with Heiwa Sogo, a small, struggling bankwith an estimated 1.29 billion dlrs in unrecoverable loans, inOctober.    But despite the link-up, Sumitomo President Koh Komatsutold Reuters he is confident his bank can quickly regain itsposition.    "We'll be back in position in first place within threeyears," Komatsu said in an interview.    He said that while the merger will initially reduceSumitomo's profitability and efficiency, it will vastly expandSumitomo's branch network in the Tokyo metropolitan area whereit has been relatively weak.    But financial analysts are divided on whether and howquickly the gamble will pay off.    Some said Sumitomo may have paid too much for Heiwa Sogo inview of the smaller bank's large debts. Others argue the mergerwas more cost effective than creating a comparable branchnetwork from scratch.    The analysts agreed the bank was aggressive. It hasexpanded overseas, entered the lucrative securities businessand geared up for domestic competition, but they questioned thewisdom of some of those moves.    "They've made bold moves to put everything in place. Nowit's largely out of their hands," said Kleinwort Benson Ltdfinancial analyst Simon Smithson.    Among Sumitomo's problems are limits placed on its move toenter U.S. Securities business by taking a share in Americaninvestment bank Goldman, Sachs and Co.    Sumitomo last August agreed to pay 500 mln dlrs for a 12.5pct limited partnership in the bank, but for the time being atleast, the Federal Reserve Board has forbidden them to exchangepersonnel, or increase the business they do with each other.    "The tie-up is widely looked on as a lame duck because theFed was stricter than Sumitomo expected," said one analyst.    But Komatsu said the move will pay off in time.    "U.S. Regulations will change in the near future and if so,we can do various things. We only have to wait two or threeyears, not until the 21st century," Komatsu said.    Komatsu is also willing to be patient about possible routesinto the securities business at home.    Article 65 of the Securities and Exchange Act, Japan'sversion of the U.S. Glass-Steagall Act, separates commercialfrom investment banking.    But the walls between the two are crumbling and Komatsusaid he hopes further deregulation will create newopportunities.    "We need to find new business chances," Komatsu said. "In somecases these will be securities related, in some cases trustbank related. That's the kind of deregulation we want."    Until such changes occur, Sumitomo will focus on suchdomestic securities business as profitable government bonddealing and strengthening relations with Meiko Securities CoLtd, in which it holds a five pct share, Komatsu said.    He said Sumitomo is cautiously optimistic about enteringthe securities business here through its Swiss universal banksubsidiary, Banca del Gottardo.     The Finance Ministry is expected to grant licences tosecurities subsidiaries of U.S. Commercial banks soon,following a similar decision for subsidiaries of Europeanuniversal banks in which the parent holds a less than 50 pct.    But Komatsu is reluctant to push hard for a similardecision on a Gottardo subsidiary.    "We don't want to make waves. We expect this will be allowedin two or three years," he said.    Like other city banks, Sumitomo is also pushing to expandlending to individuals and small and medium businesses toreplace disappearing demand from big business, he added.    The analysts said Sumitomo will have to devote a lot oftime to digesting its most recent initiatives, including themerger with ailing Heiwa Sogo.    "It's (Sumitomo) been bold in its strategies," saidKleinwort's Smithson.    "After that, it's a question of absorbing and jugglingaround. It will be the next decade before we see if thestrategy is right or wrong." REUTER&#3;