A member of the board whichregulates the Farm Credit System predicted the troubled farmlender may lose about 900 mln dlrs in the first half of 1987,hastening the need for a federal rescue this year.    Speaking to the House subcommittee responsible for farmcredit issues, Farm Credit Administration (FCA) board memberJim Billington said "My recommendation is that legislation(aiding the system) must be moved prior to June, 30, 1987, orit will be difficult to close the (farm credit system) books."    Billington's loss prediction is gloomier than either thesystem or its regulator had previously admitted.    The system itself has so far predicted losses for all of1987 will reach only 1.1 billion dlrs, down from 1.9 billion in1986 and 2.7 billion in 1985.    However, Billington said the system is losing in excess of400 mln dlrs per quarter, implying total losses for 1987 ofmore than 1.6 billion.    Losses of that magnitude would exhaust the 1.4 billion dlrsin capital surplus the system held at the end of 1986.    The system also has 4.2 billion dlrs in capital held by itsmember borrowers, called borrower stock, which theoreticallycould be used as capital.    Billington said by the end of 1987, more than 1.6 billiondlrs of the 4.2 billion in borrower stock would be downgradedin value because of the mounting losses.    Chairman of the FCA board, Frank Naylor, urged thatCongress begin to consider legislation rescuing the system byEaster and that a bill be completed by the fall.    Chairman of the House subcommittee, Rep. Ed Jones,(D-Tenn.) said today "the time has arrived to considerassistance to save the system."    The Senate Democratic leadership indicated last month thatit would begin drafting a bailout bill by Easter.    FCA board members differed on whether a direct governmentinfusion of cash will be needed to rescue the system. FCAchairman Naylor said a federal guarantee of both borrower stockand system bonds held by investors might avoid the need toprovide "hard capital" to the system.    However, Billington said "its not really that simple, in myopinion," adding that government funds may be needed to rescuethe system.    Neither regulator estimated how much money might be needed. Reuter&#3;