Private coffee exporters say Colombia'smore pragmatic coffee marketing policy will ensure that thecountry does not suffer excessively from current depressedprices and erratic market conditions.    Gilberto Arango, president of the exporters' association,said in an interview that Colombia, the world's second largestproducer, was in a position to withstand a prolonged absence ofInternational Coffee Organization (ICO) export quotas.    "Colombia is one of the countries that will benefit mostfrom this situation," he said.    Recent ICO talks in London failed to break a deadlock overre-introduction of export quotas, suspended in February 1986,and no date has been set for a new meeting on the issue.    Arango said that government measures adopted here lastweek, including a lower export registration price, indicated amajor change but also disclosed a welcome pragmatism.    "This is the start of a new era in Colombia because worldmarket conditions are also new," he said.    The government lowered local taxes for exporters and saidthe export registration price, or reintegro, will be changedmore often in order to closely reflect market trends.    Arango said an illustration of Colombia's new attitude wasthe decision on Friday to open export registrations for anunlimited amount.    But he added it did not imply the country would begin heavyselling of coffee.    "Our marketing policy is to sell without haste butconsistently. No targets for volume will be set. We will reactto market factors adequately and Colombia has no intention ofgiving its coffee away."    Colombia's past records should be the basis for upcomingexports, he said.    "We will certainly not export seven mln (60-kilo) bags butneither are we going to sell like mad. The trade knows fullwell what Colombia's export potential is," he said.    Colombia, with stockpiles standing at about 10 mln bags,exported a record 11.5 mln bags in the 1985/86 coffee yearwhich ended last September, and 11.3 mln in calendar 1986.    Arango did not want to commit himself on export predictionsbut said that output for the 1986/87 coffee year would notexceed 10.5 mln bags, compared with 12 mln forecast by theNational Coffee Growers' Federation and 12.5 mln by the U.S.Department of Agriculture, a figure he said was "ridiculous."    He said ageing plantations and rust, in particular in thenumber one producing province of Antioquia, meant output waslikely to fall but that nationwide estimates were rare andoscillated between 9.5 mln and 11.5 mln bags.    On the failure of the recent ICO talks, Arango saidColombia understandably felt frustrated at not having managedto force a compromise.    Jorge Cardenas, manager of the national federation and headof his nation's delegation in London, has blamed theintransigence of some big countries, without naming them.    However, Arango, like Colombian Finance Minister CesarGaviria last week, was more explicit and said the United Stateswould undoubtedly be under great political pressure in comingweeks to revise its policy.    "Washington will have to take into account that for manycountries, and some of its allies for instance in CentralAmerica, a sharp fall in coffee export revenue would havefar-reaching political and economic consequences."    Arango ruled out a fresh Colombian initiative on exportquotas saying producers had now to show a common resolve whichcould emerge from continuous contacts. Reuter&#3;