Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd&lt;JARD.HKG> said it planned a bonus issue of four new "B" sharesof 20 H.K. Cents each for every ordinary share of par value twodlrs.    A company statement said the firm expects to pay a total1987 dividend of four cents per "B" share, while the "A" sharedividend will be maintained at last year's level of 40 cents ashare.    Jardine Matheson announced earlier a 205 pct jump in 1986net profits to 479 mln dlrs from 157 mln in 1985.    Shareholders' funds increased to 5.02 billion dlrs from4.77 billion in 1985, the statement said.    It quoted chairman Simon Keswick as saying Jardine Mathesonachieved the good performance through satisfactory results inmost sections, especially Hong Kong Land Co Ltd &lt;HKLD.HKG>,Jardine Fleming Co Ltd, and its business in Japan.    He said the group's stake of about 35 pct in Hong KongLand, which will be lowered to 26 pct after the completion of areorganisation, is "a long term investment and now stands at alevel which causes us no financial strain or problems of assetimbalance."    Keswick said the issue of new "B" shares will give the group"the flexibility in the future to issue ordinary shares forexpansion without jeopardising the shareholding stability whichhas been brought about through the group's recentrestructuring."    He said the new issue is pending approval from both thefirm's shareholders and warrant holders, adding an appropriateadjustment will be made to the warrant exercise price.    The Jardine group has nearly completed its reorganisation,with Jardine Matheson transferring its control of Hk Land tothe new unit &lt;Jardine Strategic Holdings Ltd>.    Jardine Strategic will also hold majority stakes in the twocompanies spun off from Hk Land -- &lt;Mandarin OrientalInternational Ltd> and &lt;Dairy Farm International Holdings Ltd>-- plus cross holdings with Jardine Matheson.    Jardine Matheson, which had debts of about 2.7 billion dlrslast year, will become debt free after the restructuring.    "A positive cash flow from operations and disposals,continuing into 1987, has transformed our balance sheet,"Keswick said. He noted the firm last year sold interests inairfreight operations, Australian properties and truckingbusiness, and its remaining U.S. Oil and gas activities.    Jardine Matheson decided to make a provision against itsgeneral trading business in the Middle East in view of thecontinuing weakness of oil prices, Keswick said. But he saidthe operations would be profitable in the longer term.    He said the firm's function "has evolved into one primarilyof strategy, structure and financial and personnel policy."    He said Jardine Matheson will reduce the size of the boardof directors but will simultaneously create a new Pacificregional board. He gave no further details of the change.    Jardine Matheson shares rose 20 cents to 24.90 dlrs atmidday on the Hong Kong stock market. In early trading it hadfallen to 24.30 dlrs because of rumours yesterday that the firmplanned a rights issue. REUTER&#3;