An investor group led by New Yorkinvestor George Soros said it was dissatisfied with FairchildIndustries Inc management and was considering boosting itsholdings to as much as 49.9 pct of the aerospace and aviationcompany's outstanding stock.    The group already controls 1,647,481 Fairchild Industriesshares or 11.5 pct of the total outstanding.    The group said it filed on Wednesday with federal antitrustregulators for advance clearance to buy enough additionalshares to increase its total stake to up to 49.9 pct of thetotal outstanding stock.    The group said its representatives had met with FairchildIndustries officials to inform them "that they do not believemanagement has been successful in enhancing or protectingshareholder values."    It said it was considering the additional share purchasesto enable it to "assert a greater degree of influence over thefuture management and policies of the issuer."    It said a decision on the specific level of share ownershipit would seek depended on market prices, future changes inmanagement policies, available financial resources and otherfactors.    The group said it also reserved the right to pursue othermeasures intended to influence Fairchild management andpolicies, either alone or in concert with other investors.    The group includes Soros and Quantum Fund, an offshoreinvestment firm headquartered in Curacao, Netherlands Antillesthat is advised by Soros.    The group said that since its last SEC filing, made Jan. 2,it had purchased no additional Fairchild shares and had sold6,700 shares on the New York Stock Exchange Jan. 19.    A Fairchild Industries official later said Soros had toldthe company he was not dissatisfied with its management.    "Contrary to the filing, Mr. Soros has told the companytoday that he is not dissatisfied with management," Fairchild'sBill Fulwider told Reuters.    However, Fulwider said the company would have nothing tosay at this time about Soros' disclosure that he may buy upenough additional Fairchild shares to hold as much as 49.9 pctof the company's outstanding stock. Reuter&#3;