The Louvre accord on currency stability,which has maintained an uneasy calm in currency markets sincelast February, appeared in serious danger today as atransatlantic dispute over West German interest rates came tothe boil, foreign exchange dealers said.    But as the dollar slid against the mark and world stock andbond markets plunged, officials in the major industrialcountries played down the dispute as a bilateral problembetween the United States and West Germany and insisted thatthe currency pact was still alive.    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker sparked the marketfears when he attacked the rise in West German short-terminterest rates. "That's not in keeping with the spirit of whatwe agreed to as recently as earlier this month in Washington,"Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday. He wasreferring to the meetings of Finance Ministers from the Groupof Seven (G7) leading industrial nations which reaffirmed thepact.    Under the Louvre Accord West Germany and Japan, who bothhave large trade surpluses, pledged to boost their economicgrowth to take in more exports from the U.S., While the U.S.Agreed to stop talking the dollar down.    However, Baker said on Saturday that while the Louvreagreement was still operative, the West German interest ratemove would force the U.S. To re-examine the accord.    "The foreign exchange market has been told by Baker thathe's going to hammer Germany ... He has just declared all betsare off in terms of currency cooperation," Chris Johns, currencyanalyst at UBS-Phillips and Drew in London said.    But a Bank of Japan official took a much more sanguineview, telling Reuters that "the exchange market is apparentlyreacting too much, and anyone who sold the dollar on the Bakercomment will regret it later on."    French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur, who hosted theLouvre meeting, was the only one of the G7 Finance Ministers torespond directly to Baker's remarks. He called for "a faithfuland firm adherence by all the major industrial countries to theLouvre accords -- in both their letter and spirit."    Neither the West German Finance Ministry nor the BritishTreasury commented on the row.    But a Japanese Finance Ministry official said that despiteU.S. Frustration over higher interest rates abroad, "this doesnot represent its readiness to scrap the basic framework of theLouvre Accord."    In Frankfurt F. Wilhelm Christians, joint chief executiveof West Germany's largest bank, Deutsche Bank, said thatfollowing recent meetings with Baker, he believed that the U.S.Was still committed to the accord.    In a move which the market interpreted as a possiblegesture of reconciliation, the Bundesbank added short-termliquidity to the West German money market at 3.80 pct onMonday, down from the 3.85 pct level at which it injectedmedium-term liquidity last week. The Bank of France alsostepped into the French money market to hold down rates,injecting short-term liquidity at 7-3/4 pct after rates roseclose to eight pct. Reuter&#3;