Congress, eager to find budgetsavings, launches a review of the U.S. Agriculture Department'sgeneric commodity certificate program tomorrow, amid signs USDAand the General Accounting Office, GAO, are at odds over howmuch the program has cost U.S. taxpayers.    The GAO concluded in a preliminary report last week thatpayment-in-kind, or PIK, certificates cost between five and 20pct more than cash outlays, administration officials who askednot to be identified said.    USDA officials, however, took issue with the report, sayingit did not take into account storage, handling and transportsavings that accrue to the government. The GAO then decided tore-examine the costs, sources said.    The issue is an important one, because congressional budgetcommittees are known to be considering limiting the use ofcertificates as a means of cutting spending.    Agriculture Under Secretary Daniel Amstutz and GAO SeniorAssociate Director Brian Crowley are set to testify before theSenate Agriculture Committee tomorrow.    Amstutz is expected to tell the committee that there areuncertainties in determining the cost of certificates comparedto cash outlays, and that savings to the Commodity Credit Corp,CCC, almost equal costs, department sources said.    USDA estimates that it costs the government about 75 centsto store, handle and transport each bushel of commodity put ingovernment storage.    It was unclear whether the GAO, Congress' investigativearm, would stick by its original analysis that it costs thegovernment more to use certificates instead of cash in farmprice and income support programs, Reagan administrationsources said.    The GAO is expected to point out that use ofpayment-in-kind, PIK, certificates has helped relieve tightstorage by moving grain that otherwise might not have beensold.    The testimony by Amstutz and GAO Senior Associate DirectorBrian Crowley comes as congressional budget committeesintensify their efforts to pinpoint ways to cut the federalbudget deficit -- including considering limits on the use ofPIK certificates.    The CCC issues dollar-denominated PIK certificates, orcerts, as a partial substitute for direct cash outlays tofarmers or cash subsidies to exporters. Certs can be used torepay nonrecourse loans or exchanged for CCC commodities orcash.    Between April and December 1986, CCC issued 3.8 billiondlrs worth of certificates, according to USDA. Up to another6.7 billion dlrs worth could be issued between January andAugust 1987, according to USDA.    Certs can cost the government more than cash primarilybecause recipients can use the certificates to pay backgovernment loans at levels below the loan rate.    Eliminating this practice, called "PIK and roll," would savethe government 1.4 billion dlrs between 1988-92, according tothe Congressional Budget Office, CBO. That estimate, accordingto a CBO official, was based on an assumption that certificatescost the government about 15 pct more than cash payments.    The Senate and House Budget Committees are known to beconsidering curbs on PIK-and-roll transactions among othersavings alternatives.    The GAO last week reached the tentative conclusion that theestimated three billion dlrs of certificates redeemed to datehave cost the federal government between 150 mln and 600 mlndlrs, or between five and 20 pct, more than cash outlays, oneadministration official said.    However, the GAO has decided to reassess those estimatesbased in part on USDA criticism, department officials said.    The broad range of the cost estimate is partly attributableto the different effect certificates can have on market pricesover the course of a crop year.    USDA's Economic Research Service, for example, has foundthat between June and August last year, the 215 mln bushels ofcorn exchanged for certificates lowered the price of corn bybetween 35 and 45 cents per bushel.    Between September and November, however, certificates hadonly a marginal impact on corn prices, according to the ERSstudy, obtained by Reuters. Reuter&#3;