Noranda Forest Inc, a new companycontrolled by Noranda Inc &lt;NOR.TO>, will have net earnings ofmore than 165 mln dlrs in 1987 and profit will likely continueto grow, Noranda Forest chairman Adam Zimmerman told Reuters inan interview.    "I think our earnings have not peaked," Zimmerman said ofNoranda Forest, which will be Canada's largest forest productscompany. Noranda previously said it is spinning off its vastforest product holdings into the new company and is now makingan initial public offering of Noranda Forest shares.       Zimmerman told Reuters that he agrees with one forestindustry analyst's prediction that Noranda Forest will earn atleast 165 mln dlrs in 1987.    Noranda Forest's preliminary share prospectus, releasedtoday, shows the company had 1986 pro forma earnings of 80.2mln dlrs, excluding a 22.5 mln dlr extraordinary gain.    Asked to comment on the analyst's forecast that Norandacould earn about 200 mln dlrs this year, Zimmerman said, "Ithink that he is directionally very correct."    He also said Noranda Forest will consolidate financialresults of 50 pct-owned MacMillan Bloedel Ltd &lt;MB.TO>.    Zimmerman said Noranda Forest expects to raise at least 350mln dlrs from its first share issue, making it one of Canada'slargest initial public offerings.    Noranda Forest intends to issue about 15 pct of its commonshares to the public at first, but parent company Noranda Inc"is prepared to let up to 49 pct of it go into the public hands,"he added. Noranda Inc now holds all of the 79.9 mln outstandingshares of Noranda Forest.    Zimmerman declined to say when future secondary shareofferings might occur, although he said they will be made "assoon as it's right" for either cash or other securities.    Proceeds from the share issue will be used mainly to reduceNoranda Forest's long term debt, listed pro forma as 1.36billion dlrs at the end of first quarter, 1987, chairmanZimmerman said.    Noranda Forest's first priority will be to continue cuttingdebt to "a comfortable, manageable level in all likely futurecircumstances" or about 30 pct of capital, he said.    "I think we learned last time around that although yourassets can support a high levels of debt, earnings can'tsupport associated interest in times of high interest rates,"Zimmerman commented.    Noranda Forest had pro forma operating losses of 8.6 mlndlrs in 1985 and 2.9 mln dlrs in 1984 during periods of higherinterest rates.    The company's pro forma 1987 first quarter results showednet profit of 42.2 mln dlrs or 49 cts a share, up from earningsof 4.7 mln dlrs or one ct a share, excluding a 22.5 mln dlrextraordinary gain, in the prior year.    Zimmerman also said the company will concentrate onmaintaining quality earnings from existing operations ratherthan increasing operating volumes. "We are likely to spend moneyto enhance our operations ahead of expanding them," he said.    Noranda Forest would also be interested in buying the 50pct interest it does not already own in Northwood Pulp andTimber Ltd from Mead Corp &lt;MEA> for between 150 mln and 200 mlndlrs, Zimmerman said.    Noranda Forest and Mead each have the right of firstrefusal the other's Northwood holding, but Mead likely is notanxious to sell, he added.    Noranda Forest's initial dividend policy will be to pay 10cents a share quarterly. When asked, Zimmerman agreed thedividend was small compared to cash flow, adding the companywill later "establish a typical or sensible dividend policy." Reuter&#3;