For currency dealers Karl Otto Poehl isthe scourge of speculators, for bankers he is the man who hasplayed a key role in shaping the world's financial destiny forthe last seven years, and for Germans he is the guardian of themark.    President of the powerful and independent West Germancentral bank, the Bundesbank, Poehl is likely to have hiscontract renewed for another eight years when it expires at theend of this year, government officials say.    (Index of economic spotlights, see page ECRA)    But no official announcement has yet been made, raisingeyebrows in West Germany's business community.    The ebullient Poehl spent seven years in Bonn in topministerial posts under the Social Democrats, now inopposition, before he moved to the Bundesbank.    There has been speculation that Chancellor Helmut Kohlwould try to replace Poehl with a man closer to his ownChristian Democrats. But officials noted that Poehl has workedclosely and successfully with Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg since Kohl's government took office in 1982.    Poehl, the most senior central banker apart from PaulVolcker of the United States, enjoys a strong internationalreputation which it would take a newcomer years to build up.    Given these circumstances, Kohl will probably overlookPoehl's past as an adviser to former Social Democrat ChancellorWilly Brandt, and top aide to Helmut Schmidt when he wasFinance Minister, bankers said. It was Schmidt who, asChancellor, appointed Poehl to his present job in 1980.    In recent months, with the mark's strong rise against thedollar, Poehl has made exchange rates the central concern ofthe Bundesbank's council, a highly conservative institutionwhich has doggedly pursued monetary policies to preventinflation catching hold. Older Germans can remember two boutsof galloping inflation this century.    But with consumer prices falling for much of 1986, andinflation negligible so far this year, Poehl thinks it is safeto relax the monetary reins a little and concentrate on thedangers to the German economy of a bloated exchange rate.    "I am of the opinion that efforts to stabilise thedollar/mark rate have reached a high priority, also for theBundesbank, because a further massive revaluation of the markwould endanger the economy in West Germany," he told businessjournalists in Frankfurt recently.    Ute Geipel, head of research at Citibank AG, says thatPoehl's reappointment would guarantee flexible monetary policy.    "Poehl's policy has always been a policy which does notfocus so rigidly on domestic factors, but also on the externaleconomy," she said.    An economist at a German bank, who declined to beidentified, said "If Poehl is confirmed in his post, it willcertainly be a plus for the pragmatic course which is not sorigidly oriented towards money supply."    One of Poehl's great struggles recently has been topersuade the United States to stop "talking down" the dollar. ForPoehl, the significance of the February Louvre Accord was thatthe United States agreed to join efforts to stabilisecurrencies.    The Louvre Accord was greeted with scepticism by currencydealers who said they would soon put it to the test. But infact the dollar has been relatively stable since the pact.    "This is because the markets know - or perhaps because theydon't know - what the central banks can do," Poehl says ofintervention in currency markets which can quickly turn ratesround, making a speculator's position worthless.    Poehl was born in 1929 and worked as a financial journalistin the 1960s before starting his ministerial career.    A relaxed sun-tanned figure who enjoys cracking jokes overa glass of beer, he is hardly a stereotype central banker.    He is also a keen sportsman who likes to watch football andplay golf.    Poehl says currency market intervention cannot substitutefor correct economic policies if exchange rates are imbalanced.    "But you can achieve an enormous effect with a small amountif you strike at the right moment," he said. Bundesbank dealersare very professional and skilled. "They've burnt the fingers ofmany people," he said. And unlike the speculators, Poehl notes,the Bundesbank dealers usually make a profit. REUTER&#3;