The Reagan Administration's soon-to-bepublished proposals to make experimental therapies more rapidlyand widely available to terminally ill patients pose productliability problems for drug companies, experts in thepharmaceutical field said.    Details of the proposals will be published in the FederalRegister shortly and will become effective after a 90-daycomment period.    Under the proposed policy, announced Tuesday byCommissioner of Food and Drugs Frank E. Young at a pressconference, patients with life threatening diseases who are notenrolled in clinical trials would be allowed access to anexperimental therapy. The policy also allows drug companies tosell the promising drugs to patients.    Previously drugs like AZT could be rushed into wider usefree-of-charge if the agent was shown to be effective. Underthe new policy, the FDA could only refuse to permit a physicianto administer an experimental drug if it was shown to beunsafe.    Financial analysts said the plan would likely benefitbiotechnology companies with few or no products approved formarketing in the U.S., but would have little economic impact onlarge drug companies with many other sources of revenue.    "Charging a fee for still experimental drugs could helpbiotech companies' near-term financial situation and help makethem less dependent on outside sources," said Teena Lerner, abiotech analyst at L.F. Rothchild.    Other observers were concerned that drug companies would beput into a legal bind if promising drugs later proved to havedevastating side effects.    "Before a lot of drug companies release these drugs theyare going to have to think long and hard about liability--theproduct liability problems are enormous," said aWashington-based lawyer who specializes in the drug field.    Patients in clinical trials normally sign lengthy informedconsent papers before taking an investigational drug. Thelawyer said no more than two cases had gone to trial for suitsagainst a drug company's investigational drug.    "The new proposals are a whole new kettle of fish," saidthe lawyer. "Drug companies are right now probably meeting withtheir insurance companies."    Burroughs-Wellcome Co, the U.S. arm of the British firmWellcome PLC that makes AZT, Merck and Co Inc &lt;MRK>,Hoffman-LaRoche Inc and SmithKline Beckman Corp &lt;SKB> said itwas too soon to comment on the policy.    "I'm very uncomforable with this," said Wellcomespokeswoman Kathy Bartlett. "We haven't had a chance toformulate a response yet. It's too early."    But some financial analysts say the proposals would benefitdrug companies.    "I find the proposal to be a very significant alteration ofthe FDA's past policies that should positively affect (drugcompanies') stocks," said drug analyst Davis Saks, with Morgan,Olmstead, Kennedy and Gardner.    Saks also warned that many health care providers would balkat the proposal, and would call it "amoral" to charge patientswith life-threatening diseases for drugs that otherwise wouldbe given out for free in clinical trials.    Jeffrey Warren, spokesman for the PharmaceuticalManufacturers Association, which represents the major drugfirms in the U.S., said "A mechanism already exists at the FDApermitting certain seriously ill patients access toexperimental drugs and perhaps that system can be approved."    Warren acknowledged that the PMA may not be able to come upwith a consensus among its membership when the rules areformally published.    He also admitted that product liability problems could be aconcern to major drug companies.    Jeffrey Levi, executive director of the National Gay andLesbian Task Force, which is actively in AIDS policy andfunding issues, cited the drug Suramin from Bayer AG &lt;BAYRY>,which had shown early promise as an AIDS treatment, but onwider clinical testing was shown to have deadly side effects. Reuter&#3;