Currency futures at the InternationalMonetary Market (IMM) are likely to consolidate near currentlevels in nervous trading conditions over the next few days,although underlying sentiment remains positive, currencyanalysts said.    "Currencies are likely to muddle around these levels," saidShearson Lehman Brothers analyst Anne Parker Mills.    Traders are unwilling to establish either long or shortpositions in futures because of uncertainty over upcoming tradetalks and U.S. trade legislation, they said.    Japanese prime minister Yasuhiro Nakasone and PresidentReagan will meet Thursday and Friday to discuss trade tensionsbetween their two countries, while at the same time theDemocratic-led U.S. House of Representatives will be voting ona controversial trade bill.    "Unless something really surprising comes out of theNakasone/Reagan talks, I don't see the dollar getting above 142(yen) and 1.83 (marks)," Mills said.    The equivalent in futures of those interbank levels areabout 0.007050 to 0.007025 in the June yen contract and about0.5500 in June marks, she said.    June yen closed at 0.007191 on Tuesday while June marksfinished the day at 0.5602.    Mills said, however, that "the chances of them (Reagan andNakasone) coming up with something new are limited." Onepossibility might be a Japanese discount rate cut, but "theyprobably won't do that unless we raise our discount rate."    Recent firmness in the federal funds rate and the FederalReserve's slowness in adding reserves to the banking system hasheightened sentiment that the money-policy making body hasalready tightened credit and a discount rate hike is possible,analysts said.    Recent weakness in currencies and strength in the dollarhas been more the result of nervous shortcovering ahead of themeeting rather than reaction to the White House statementMonday supporting a stable dollar, said Harris bank currencyanalyst Earl Johnson.    Traders "are worried about the outcome of the talks betweenReagan and Nakasone," and as the talks are late in the week,the market may not get a chance to react to any developmentsuntil Monday, Johnson said.    Until then, Johnson expects the dollar to remain in a broadrange between 1.77 and 1.85 marks and 137 to 140.50 yen.    Chicago Corp analyst John Bilson, however, expects a rallyin the European currencies over the near-term, while the yen,at this point is overbought.    "The Japanese are moving away from the U.S. market," andinvestment funds formerly directed to the U.S. are likely toflow into Europe, Bilson said.    The chief beneficiary of such a flow of funds will besterling, Bilson said.    "Sterling rates are about four pct above Japanese rates,despite the half point rate cut," Bilson said. Major U.K. bankslowered their base lending rates today to 9.5 pct.    In addition to a favorable interest rate spread whichshould attract funds, Bilson said the firm oil market and thestrong political situation of Prime Minister Thatcher also makeBritish investments attractive.    Passage of the trade bill, which includes an amendment byMissouri Democrat Richard Gephardt that would force a 10 pctannual cut in imports from countries with an excessive tradesurplus with the U.S. if they fail to remove unfair tradebarriers to the U.S. after six months of negatiations, wouldlikely pressure the yen, Bilson said.    Bilson, however, said the legislation is unlikely to pass,but that Nakasone is likely to bring a promise to open Japanesemarkets to U.S. goods and back it up with government contractswith U.S. manufacturers. Reuter&#3;