Brazil wants to resume interest paymentson its medium- and long-term foreign debt as soon as possibleand is willing to discuss ways of softening the impact of thepayments suspension on bank earnings, central bank governorFrancisco Gros said.    Gros, speaking to reporters yesterday after his firstmeeting with Brazil's bank advisory committee since he wasappointed last month, also promised a clear statement ofBrazil's economic policy would be made in the next few days.    But bankers who attended the meeting with Gros said it wasinconclusive.    The bankers also expressed disappointment Gros could notgive assurances as to when interest payments on the 68 billiondlrs of medium- and long-term debt would restart.    "It was all very tentative. You can't expect to get very farat the first meeting," one banker said.    The meeting took place on the eve of the annual meetinghere of the Inter-American Development Bank.    The most urgent item on yesterday's agenda was the need fora legal rollover of some 16 billion dlrs in trade and interbankcredit lines extended to Brazilian banks which expire at theend of March.    Brazil has already frozen the lines to ensure it has enoughcredit to finance its day-to-day trade and commerce, but needsto request a formal extension of the commitments to head offpossible lawsuits from disgruntled creditors.    The issue is whether the 14-bank steering committee willendorse Brazil's request to the 700 creditor banks worldwide orsimply relay it without comment.    This delicate question was not resolved at yesterday'smeeting, but lawyers from both sides will try to draft suitablelanguage for a telex by midweek, Gros and the bankers said.    Gros said he will also formally ask the banks for a 90-dayrollover of some 9.6 billion dlrs of debt which originallymatured in 1986 and is now due to be repaid on April 15.Bankers said the request is a legal nicety since the money issubject to the moratorium.    Once interest on Brazil's debts becomes more than 90 daysoverdue, U.S. And Canadian banks must put the loans onnon-performing basis and may book payments only as and whenthey are received instead of accruing the interest in advance.    Citicorp has estimated its profits for the first quarterwould be cut by 50 mln dlrs if it put Brazil on a cash basis.Other U.S. Banks have also warned of earnings setbacks.    Gros said he wished the 90-day rule was more flexible andsaid he would be willing to sit down with the banks to see ifthere was a way round the problem.    He did not elaborate. But, asked whether a bridge loanmight be arranged to pay the interest, he said, "It couldhappen."    Bankers said this possibility had not been raised at thecommittee meeting and dismissed it as inconsistent withBrazil's determination to find a long-term solution to theproblem of servicing its 110 billion dlr foreign debt.    Gros himself said pushing the problem away for 90 days at atime is not very useful. Only if Brazil has access to new loanscan it grow, export and pay its debts over the longer term.    "If the flow of funds dries up, a country like Brazil can'tmeet all its obligations," he said.    Gros defended Brazil's recent economic record, notinginflation slowed in February, the trade surplus rose and thepublic sector budget was in operational surplus.    But he said there was a need to spell out governmentpolicy, especially on prices.    "It's necessary to clarify policy for internal and externalreasons," he said, but declined to say what economic measuresmight be introduced.    Once policy is in place, Gros said financing talks with thebanks are likely to be tough and protracted, a sentiment echoedby the country's creditors. REUTER&#3;