The United States' emphasis on itsforeign trade deficit is misplaced and the country's realproblem lies in its large federal budget deficit, the GeneralAgreeement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) said.     By stressing its record trade deficit of 169.8 billiondlrs last year, the U.S. Was fuelling protectionist pressurewhich threatens the world trading system, it said in an annualreport.    The fundamental problem, the size of the U.S. Federalbudget deficit, could be remedied only by cutting governmentspending or encouraging personal savings to finance the debt,it said.    GATT also predicted world trade would grow by only 2.5 pctin 1987 -- a full percentage point lower than in each of theprevious two years.    GATT experts urged Washington to resist protectionism andinstead seek macroeconomic changes to reduce the currentaccount payments deficit -- higher private savings, lowerinvestment and a smaller federal budget deficit.    Raising U.S. Trade barriers "would result in little or noreduction in the current account deficit. It would, however,increase inflation and reduce world trade," it said.    "The basic cause -- some combination of insufficientdomestic savings and an excessive budget deficit -- wouldremain," the report said.    GATT economists said trade expansion would slow this yearbecause of slower growth forecasts in Japan and some WestEuropean nations as they adjust production and workforces to alow dollar, risk of higher U.S. Inflation, concerns over ThirdWorld debt management and looming protectionism.    The report also said imbalances in the current accounts ofJapan, West Germany and the U.S. Had increased in 1986.    The most likely explanation was that exchange rate changeswere not backed by changes in macroeconomic policies, it added.    "Thus the prediction that these imbalances would be reducedas a result of the major realignment of exchange rates was notborne out last year," the report said.    GATT warned there was a risk of a sizeable increase in theU.S. Inflation rate under the combined impact of a rapidlyexpanding money supply and low dollar.    "Such a development could worsen the business climate byincreasing uncertainty and pushing up interest rates, which, inturn, would adversely affect world trade."    But the report noted a surprising rise in imports to theUnited States, despite the dollar's depreciation which makesforeign products more expensive.    It suggested that resources idle in the U.S., Both humanand in underutilised factories, were not geared to produce thegoods and services sought from abroad.    World trade in manufactures grew by only three pct in 1986,about half of the rate of the previous year.    Trade in agricultural goods expanded by just one pct,continuing a stagnant pattern in that sector this decade, GATTsaid.    Developing countries' exports declined significantly, whiletheir imports increased moderately, although full statisticsare not available yet, GATT said.    The combined export earnings of 16 major indebted nationswere sharply lower, and only five of them (Chile, Colombia,Philippines, South Korea, and Thailand) had higher exports. REUTER&#3;