South Korea unveiled a shopping list of2.6 billion dlrs of U.S. Goods in line with its new policy ofseeking to limiting its trade surplus to ease trade frictionwith Washington.    The government said this would help freeze this year'strade surplus with the United States at the 1986 level.    "The surplus, which rose to 7.4 billion dollars last yearfrom 4.3 billion in 1985, was projected to top 10 billion thisyear but the government has taken steps to constrain it to theseven billion dollar level," one Trade Ministry official toldReuters.    A government statement said the 2.6 billion dlrs was inaddition to about two billion dlrs of purchases made last monthby a South Korean trade mission to the United States.    The announcement follows a visit here this week by U.S.Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige, who said that if SouthKorea wanted to avoid protectionist retaliation it should notfalter in its policies to open its market and cut its surplus.    The statement said the government, state agencies and otherpublic institutions would buy 480 mln dlrs worth of U.S. Cars,computers, helicopters, ambulances, motorcycles, medical andlaboratory equipment and other products. "This amounts includes89 mln dlrs worth of purchases which were not originallyreflected in their budgets," it added.    The list includes 1.13 billion dlrs of capital goods, 700mln of farm products, 50 mln of aluminium, zinc, polyethyleneand other raw materials, and 250 mln of steel, electronics andshipbuilding parts which would be shifted from other nations.    Agriculture Ministry officials said South Korea had alreadybought 310 mln dlrs worth of U.S. Wheat, raw cotton, corn andsoybeans.    This meant the country would buy from the United Statesnearly all of the 1.27 billion dlrs of its planned imports ofsuch commodities this year, they said.    The government will also take steps to reduce tariffs,accelerate the opening of its markets, voluntarily restrainexports and cut export financing, the statement said.    South Korea will also reorganise the country's 3,600 tradeagents to deliver better after-sales services for importedproducts and hold a trade show in November for U.S. Products. Reuter&#3;