Four trade ministers ended aweekend meeting with a frank confession that their governmentsare losing credibility in world financial markets and will notregain it until they back their promises over trade andcurrencies with action.    "Until today we have anounced policies, but when it came toaction required it was done in a way that satisfied nobody,"Japanese Trade Minister Hajime Tamura told a news conference.    "From now on, if a government comes up with a certainpolicy, it must be followed by action," he said following twodays of informal talks with the trade ministers of the UnitedStates, the European Community and Canada in central Japan.    Last week, the dollar fell to a new record low below 140yen, despite statements from the Group of Seven (G-7) leadingindustrial powers that currencies should be stabilised tounderpin world trade.    "We need credibility to gain confidence. When we haveconfidence, then we can have an impact," said Tamura.    His colleagues agreed that when major trade nations foughtover trade issues while calling for each other to honour freetrade rules in general, it was not a sight which inspiredconfidence in the markets.    "The time has come now to act in step with the talk. If youbelong to a club, you have to act in concord with the rules, ifyou want to be credible," said EC external trade chief Willy deClercq.    Pat Carney of Canada said "We are meeting in a time of greattrade tension. What the world needs to see is that we have thepolitical will to deal with these problems we face."    She said that next month's meeting of the Organisation ofEconomic Cooperation and Development and the meeting of leadersof the G-7 nations in Venice in the summer would be a forum toshow this will existed.    U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter reminded the newsconference that the results of such high level meetings couldlead to action which would only have an effect on smoothing outworld trade imbalances perhaps years later.    "The media typically has a tendency to evaluate meetingslike this in terms of tangible results. That is not the way itshould be pursued," he said.    "What is achieved in an intangible way almost always exceedswhat is achieved in a tangible way," he said.    Progress in personal contacts and understanding eachothers' positions and policies was just as important towardreducing trade tensions, he said.    Tamura read out an agreed summary of the joint talks:    Currency stability was now essential, but currencymovements alone would not correct a U.S. trade deficit withJapan which hit 58 billion dlrs last year, an 18 billion dlr ECdeficit with Japan in 1986, and a Japanese global trade surplusof almost 90 billion, he said.    Trade retaliation, protectionism, and forcible exportrestraints which lead to a shrinkage in world trade flows weremost dangerous, he said.    The imbalances can only be solved by coordinated policiesover a whole range of fiscal, monetary, trade and industrialmeasures, and in line with a body of internationally agreedrules, he said.    In this regard, the policing role of the Geneva-basedGeneral Agreement on Tariffs and Trade world trade body must bestrengthened, he said.    The ministers reconfirmed their individual promises tosolve the problem. The United States will try to reduce itslarge budget deficit and restore competitiveness within itsindustries.    Japan will introduce early and effective measures to expandits domestic growth and rely less on exports.    The EC must continue efforts for balanced growth andreduced unemployment. All felt satisfied at the new progress inthe Canadian economy. Reuter&#3;