President Reagan, staying cool undera televised grilling on the Iran-contra scandal, insisted hehas told all he knows about the crippling affair and said hewould do it all differently given a second chance.    "No, I would not go down that same road again," the presidentsaid last night during a 32-minute news conference, his firstin exactly four months, when asked if he would again sell armsto Iran in hopes of freeing U.S. hostages in the Middle East.    But he added, "I'll keep my eye open for an opportunityagain for improving relations. And we will continue to exploreevery legitimate means for getting our hostages back."    As expected, the televised conference was almost completelydominated by questions about the secret sales of U.S. arms toIran and the diversion of funds to "contra" rebels in Nicaragua.    From an investigators' standpoint, the toughest questionconcerned 76-year-old Reagan's knowledge of the contraoperation.    As expected, the president repeatedly stated -- now calmly,now with some fire -- that he knew nothing about thatscheme, said to have been run by White House National Securityaide Oliver North, since fired, with the knowledge ofpresidential adviser John Poindexter, now resigned.    "No, that is not true at all," the president replied sternlywhen asked about a report Poindexter had told him, twice, aboutthe secret channeling of millions of dollars to the contras.    "When I went on the air right after the news broke (aboutIran arms deal last November), I did not know at that timethere was any money involved."    He said he learned of the contra diversion -- which mayhave broken U.S. laws and will be the top priority ofcongressional investigative hearings on this affair -- onlywhen Atty. Gen. Edwin Meese told him on November 25.    Just as important from Reagan's standpoint, however, wasthe manner in which he handled his first non-scripted publicaccounting of the scandal since the details first began leakingout last November and plunged his administration into deeppolitical crisis.    He appeared to bring it off without major stumbles, abettedby a press corps that seemed at pains to maintain a civilmanner until the very end when it crowded round him trying toget in one last question as he was leaving the rostrum in theWhite House East Room.    He often responded slowly and deliberately but never seemedat a loss for words, or vintage Reagan mannerisms.    At one point in the contra discussion he furrowed his browin puzzlement as he said he was just as mystified as everyoneabout where all the unaccounted millions had gone from the Iranarms sales of 1985 and 1986.    "I'm still wanting to find out the source of all the extramoney, the bank accounts and where that extra money went," hesaid.    At another point, he laughed off a question on whether hemight have been told about the contra connection and forgotten,saying, "Oh, no," pausing to chuckle and adding:    "You'd have heard me without opening the door to my officeif I'd been told that." Reuter&#3;