Plans for a new-style EuropeanCommunity (EC) free of damaging budget wrangles receive theirfirst full review from EC foreign ministers today, but areunlikely to gather much support.    Diplomats said key EC capitals would voice strong criticismof proposals that would lead to a sharp increase in EC budgetpayments by bringing member states" contributions more into linewith national wealth.    They said the EC"s current paymasters, Britain, France, andWest Germany, would lead the opposition to the plans, designedto enable the community meet the challenges of the 1990s.    Faced with a budget deficit this year of at least fivebillion dlrs, EC Commission President Jacques Delors called inFebruary for a radical overhaul of the EC financing system.    Such action was necessary, he argued, to end a damagingcycle of annual budget crises and ensure cash for technologicalresearch programs and regional and social spending projects.    Ironically, diplomats said, the move could spark exactlythe type of row it was intended to avoid with industriallydeveloped northern states demanding assurances the new cashwould not be swallowed up by the poorer southern members.    Delors" plans, by linking a country"s contributions to itsGross National Product (GNP), would over the next five yearsadd some 18 billion dlrs to the present budget of 34 billion.    Currently, contributions are calculated on a percentage ofValue Added Tax (VAT) returns.    Under the new scheme, all countries would pay one pct oftheir VAT receipts to Brussels. Extra cash would then be raisedin line with needs by a levy on the difference between acountry"s total VAT receipts and its GNP.    London is one of the most resolutely opposed countries tothe scheme, arguing instead that money should be made availablefrom deep cutbacks in the EC"s heavily-subsidised farm sector.    Unofficially many EC capitals secretly support thewearisome budget wrangling, taking the line that the highlydiverse 12-nation Community can only take tough decisions whenforced to do so.    The issue is further complicated by a possible generalelection in Britain and acceptance that the EC problems cannotseriously be addressed by London until those polls are out ofthe way. REUTER&#3;