The recent sharp rise in U.S. interestrates sparked turmoil in the fixed-income markets, butunderwriters said they doubt company treasurers will rush toborrow before rates increase further.    "Corporate treasurers will continue to issue new debt whenthey believe they are borrowing at an attractive rate," said anunderwriter with a major Wall Street house.    Said another, "We will not see a flood of new offerings.Treasurers are reassessing the market. We will not see newissuance dry up either."    Still, the pace of corporate borrowing in the publicfinance market has slowed, according to a Reuter tabulation.    Last week, which was shortened by the Columbus Day holiday,saw issuance of 1.3 billion dlrs of new debt. That was downfrom the prior week's tally of slightly more than two billiondlrs of new debt.    In contrast, a year ago it was not unusual to see thoseamounts of new offerings in a single day as companies tookadvantage of the then decline in interest rates to refinanceold, higher-cost debt or to expand operations via financings atlow, attractive rates, underwriters noted.    "Companies will conduct financings that they believe areessential," said an underwriter with a medium-sized Wall Streetfirm. "But we will not see much more than that until the marketstabilizes."    In the meantime, treasurers will probably prefer shorterterm issues, analysts said. For instance, of last week's nineissues, only one had a maturity of more than 10 years.    The other offerings had maturities of two to seven years,with most clustered in the two to three year area, according toa Reuter tabulation. That is because single-digit interestrates were had last week only among two-year securities.    "If people think that interest rates will continue to headhigher, then we could see treasurers rushing to market," said atrader with a medium-sized securities house.    "But if people think last week's sharp interest rate riseis a fluke, treasurers will sit back and wait for rates todecline before issuing new debt, hoping of course that they arenot missing the boat by doing so," she added.    Another impediment to new issuance is the lukewarmreception to new issues by institutional and retail investorsin recent weeks, traders pointed out. Many investors refrainedfrom buying because they believed rate would rise further.    "We saw a lot of buying interest last week, but people arenot yet willing to pull the trigger," a broker said. "Theywould rather wait and see if the recent rate increase can besustained."    Conflicting forecasts on the likely direction of interestrates did not help, analysts said. For instance, Henry Kaufman,chief economist with Salomon Brothers Inc, said in his weekly"Comments on Credit" that the yields of U.S. Treasury bondswould probably rise further because the marketplace expectsinflation to rise and the dollar to continue to decline.    In contrast, Standard and Poor's Corp said on Friday thatprices of debt securities in the fixed-income markets wouldrecover. The rating agency said neither the economy nor thedollar justify current high yields.    Meanwhile, the Chicago Board of Trade is slated to hold apress briefing on Tuesday in New York about its plans to list afutures contract based on a corporate bond index.    That follows last week's announcement by Commodity ExchangeInc, Comex, that it plans to list on October 29 a new futurescontract based on the investment-grade corporate bond index ofMoody's Investors Service Inc. Reuter&#3;