Problems in the farmbelt andoilpatch regions contributed to the first decline in overallincome for U.S. banks in a quarter century, the Federal DepositInsurance Corp (FDIC) said.    The nation's 14,181 commercial banks had net income of 17.8billion dlrs in 1986, down slightly from 1985's record 18.1billion dlrs.    The total was still the second highest ever reported, butit was the first time income had not grown since 1961.    The figures reflected a radical split in the health ofbanks in the two halves of the country, the FDIC said.    In the East, one in 12 banks had losses last year, whileone in four banks west of the Mississippi River had losses.    Nationwide, one out of five banks reported losses, the FDICsaid in the first of a new series of quarterly banking profilesit planned to issue.    "I don't remember a time when there was such a cleardistinction by geographic area," FDIC Chairman William Seidmantold reporters.    He said that while the figures were not good, they showedthe problem did not lie with the banking system as a whole butwith regional differences in economic performance.    Some 44 banks have failed so far this year, twice as manyas failed by this time a year ago, but Seidman said he doubtedthe pace would continue.     On a positive note, banks increased capital to a record 208billion dlrs last year, and there has been a slowing in thenumber of new problem banks in all regions except theSouthwest, Seidman said.    Banks' provision for losses from bad loans in the fourthquarter increased to 21.7 billion dlrs, a 23 pct rise from ayear ago.    Large banks -- those with assets of one billion dlrs ormore -- reporting fourth-quarter losses totaled 22, the FDICsaid.    Seidman said it was too early to say what effect Brazil'smoratorium on debt interest payments would have on U.S. banks.    He said bank deregulation had given managers more freedomto run their banks and that an increase in failures was to beexpected.    But this freedom from regulatory restraints also has meantother banks that were better managed have gotten stronger,Seidman said. Reuter&#3;