The Food and Drug Administration hasapproved Burroughs Wellcome Co's AZT as a treatment to helpcertain AIDS patients, including those with advanced-AIDSrelated complex.    The drug is the first approved treatment for AIDS in theU.S. AZT or azidothymidine will be marketed as Retrovir by thecompany, the U.S. arm of Britain's &lt;Wellcome PLC>.    Because of its limited supply, the FDA said the drug willbe restricted initially to those patients with AIDS orAIDS-related complex with severely depressed immunity or ahistory of Pnumocystis carinii, pneumonia.    "Today's approval marks an important step but by no means afinal victory against our ongoing war against AIDS," said DrRobert E. Windom, assistant secretary for health at the PublicHealth Service.    He noted that available clinical data were sufficient forapproving the use of Retrovir only for certain indications andnot for all AIDS associated conditions.    Nevertheless, Windom said today's action means thatsignificant medical relief will be available to thousands ofthose afflicted with the disease.    "Retrovir is not a cure but it has demonstrated ability toimprove the short-term survival of AIDS patients with recentlydiagnosed PCP (Pneumomystis carinii pneumonia) and certainpatients with advanced ARC (AIDS-related complex)," saidWindom.    Advanced AIDS related complex is a condition thatfrequently precedes and develops within a short time intofull-scale acquired immune deficiency syndrome.    As of March 16, there were 32,825 AIDS cases reportednationwide, with more than 16,000 deaths.    The Public Health Agency said advanced ARC patients havesymptoms that include weight loss, persistent fever anddiarrhea, and less severe infections such as oral thrush andherpes infections.    The federal agency said that AIDS patients who are expectedto qualify for retrovir treatment are those who have seriousopportunistic infections associated with AIDS and those withadvanced AIDS related complex.    It is estimated that about two to three times as manyAmericans may suffer from advanced ARC as from AIDS.    Burroughs Wellcome, of Research Triangle Park, N.C., hasscheduled a press conference for Monday in New York where itwill discuss what patients will quality for treatment. Thecompany has said that a year's treatment with the drug wouldcost 8,000 dlrs to 10,000 dlrs.    Burroughs has also said that it has adequate supplies ofthe drug for the most seriously ill patients, and will havesupplies for a minimum of 30,000 patients and probably more bythe end of the year.    Retrovir's approval was expected as a panel of expertmedical advisers to the FDA recommended in January that thedrug be licensed for sale even though there were gaps inunderstanding the drug's effectiveness.    The panel said the drug could prolong the lives of certainAIDS patients but it also caused severe side effects such asanemia and other blood problems.    Due to the extraordinary situation surrounding AIDS, afatal disease reaching what some health officials say isepidemic proportions, Windom said the FDA has moved in nearrecord time--four months--to approve the drug.    AZT, derived from herring sperm, was created in the 1960sby Jerome P. Horwitz of the Michigan Cancer Foundation as ananticancer agent.    Meanwhile in London, dealers said Wellcome shares rose to497p in response, up from last night's close of 457p.    But pharmaceutical analyst Mark Clark of Barclays de ZoeteWedd said the new drug's share of the market may not be as ahigh as expected since it had very severe side effects.    "It is not a cure and the side effects are so bad it isunlikely that someone could support a full year's treatment," hesaid. "There are also a whole host of other drugs likely to comeonto the market quite soon."    Last week the drug was approved for marketing in the U.K. Reuter&#3;