Rumors that New York investor AsherEdelman has acquired a stake in Polaroid Corp and optimismabout tomorrow's status hearing on the patent infringement suitpending with Eastman Kodak Co &lt;EK> sent Polaroid's stockhigher, traders said.    Polaroid rose 1-1/8 to 74-1/2.    "Speculation that Edelman was going to take a stake inPolaroid was kicking around a few months ago, and resurfacedtoday," one trader said.    Edelman had no comment on the rumors.    A spokesman for Polaroid said the company had not beencontacted by Edelman and no filing had been made with theSecurities and Exchange Commission about a stake in thecompany.    "There is some hope among investors that there will someprogress in the status hearing tomorrow on the patentinfringement suit with Kodak," analyst Michael Ellmann ofWertheim and Co said.    Traders said it is conceivable that a trial date could beset or some progress made on an out-of-court settlement.    The suit, filed by Polaroid in April 1976, charges thatKodak infringed upon Polaroid's instant camera patent. InOctober 1985, the court barred Kodak from selling cameras orfilm that infringe upon the patent, the Polaroid spokesmansaid.    Ellmann said he feels it is highly unlikely that anyprogress will be made in tomorrow's hearing.    Ellmann said the stock may have also gotten a boost todayfrom some optimism concerning new products the company iscurrently working on.    "Polaroid's announcement that a particularly senior companyexecutive had been chosen to work on a major unidentified newproduct spurred some speculation about their products," hesaid. "I am speculating that the new product could be anelectronic still camera," referring to a camera that recordsits images on magnetic disks as opposed to conventional film.    Ellmann said the stock may have also gotten a boost todayfrom some optimism concerning new products the company iscurrently working on.    "Polaroid's announcement that a particularly senior companyexecutive had been chosen to work on a major unidentified newproduct spurred some speculation about their products," hesaid. "I am speculating that the new product could be anelectronic still camera," referring to a camera that recordsits images on magnetic disks as opposed to conventional film. Reuter&#3;