Despite a sharp early fall in TexacoInc bonds, the 125 billion dlr U.S. junk bond market waslargely unaffected by Texaco's weekend filing for protectionunder Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, analysts said.    "Texaco's filing had little, if any, effect on junk bondprices this morning. It should not spill over to the overallmarket like LTV Corp's &lt;LTV> bankruptcy filing did lastsummer," said one analyst.    Traders said some Texaco debt issues fell over 30 pointsthis morning in thin trading, but recouped about half that.    "Because of the Texaco filing, some investors bid down itspaper to the mid-60 area (around 650 dlrs per 1,000 dlr facevalue) from around 95 Friday," said a dealer in high-yield, lowrated bonds.    "But sellers could not be found at those levels and thebids soon rebounded to the 75 to 85 area," he added, referringto such issues as Texaco's 13 pct notes of 1991, the 13-1/4s of1999 and 13-5/8s of 1994. All were in the mid-90s Friday.    The rebound occurred after Standard and Poor's Corpdowngraded the debt ratings of 8.4 billion dlrs of debt ofTexaco and its subsidiaries to D, traders noted.    S and P cited the weekend bankruptcy filing. The agencysaid it uses the D grade for securities issued by companies inChapter 11 reorganization.    Moody's Investors Service Inc followed suit, cutting mostof the debt of Texaco and its units to Caa.    The junk bond market experienced a short-lived downturnlast summer when LTV's bankruptcy filing sparked worries thatcredit conditions of other steel companies would also worsen.    "This is clearly not the case with Texaco," said onetrader. Because of their high yields, junk bonds have latelyoutperformed investment grade corporates, he and others said.    Analysts and portfolio managers said they viewed Texaco'sbankruptcy filing as a defensive move.    Indeed, a Texas State Court of Appeal this morning said thebankruptcy petition effectively stays Texaco's obligation underTexas law to post a bond in its 10.53 billion dlr litigationagainst Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL>.    "The filing was not the result of credit weakness. Thecompany got through the oil crisis alright," said one portfoliomanager.    Others who run junk bond portfolios agreed with thatassessment and said they would still buy high-yield issues. Reuter&#3;