The Internal Revenue Service (IRS)said it was stepping up compliance efforts by its internationalstaff to recover some of the billions of dollars lost each yearin unpaid taxes.    The agency was shifting emphasis by its internationalbranch to increase compliance by the 47,000 foreign-ownedAmerican companies and foreign firms operating in the UnitedStates, IRS officials said at a news conference.    The IRS also was taking a closer look at compliance byAmericans living abroad and by taxpayers in the United Stateswith income from overseas investments.    Percy Woodard, assistant IRS commissioner, international,denied that the agency was picking on foreign companies, but hesaid fewer of them pay taxes than comparable U.S. firms.    In some industries, one pct of foreign firms paid U.S.taxes, he said. Other IRS staff said the taxes paid by foreigncompanies ranged from 16 to 19 pct less than taxes paid by U.S.firms.    "If our taxpayers in another country are expected to fulfilltheir tax-paying responsibilities in that country, thenforeigners in our country can be expected to do the same thing,"Woodard said.    In addition, as many as 61 pct of the 2.5 mln Americans wholive abroad do not file tax returns, costing the government 2.3billion dlrs a year, Woodard said.    The total tax gap -- the difference between taxes owed andactually paid to the government -- is about 90 billion dlrs.    Millions of dollars are lost because Americans fail toreport foreign income and because U.S. businesses with foreignoperations can underreport income, Woodard said.    The IRS will increase compliance by reassigning 100    examiners to international tax returns, a 25-pct increase,which should lead to more tax return audits.    The IRS will study entire industries to spot trends orpractices by foreign-owned companies in their compliance withtax laws, Woodard said.    The IRS looked at the electronics industry first, butWoodard denied it was because of the trade dispute oversemiconductors between the United States and Japan.    The agency next will turn its attention to the automobile,computer and motorcycle industries.    The IRS will also receive information on anyone who appliesfor a U.S. passport or permanent residence in the United Statesto help indentify those who do not file returns. Reuter&#3;