Ronald Perelman, head of Revlon GroupInc &lt;REV>, may be trying to ignite a bidding war for GilletteCo that could draw some big international players and in theprocess make a lot of money for himself, Wall Street analystssaid.    Several hours before a regularly scheduled board ofdirectors meeting, Gillette disclosed that Perelman requestedconsent of its board for an offer of at least 40.50 dlrs pershare. Perelman needed the consent because he agreed inNovember not to buy stock for 10 years without permission.    "I think Ronald Perelman is less interested in Gillette andmore interested in putting Gillette into play because he standsto make a ton of money," said Andrew Shore, analyst at ShearsonLehman Brothers Inc. "In play" is a term used on Wall Street todescribe what happens when a company becomes an unwilingtakeover target.    Shore noted that according to the 1986 agreement Revlongets paid if there is any acquisition of Gillette throughNovember of this year at a price higher than 29.75 dlrs pershare. Gillette rose three to 40 today, following a gain ofthree yesterday.    The agreement would be calculated on the basis ofPerelman's previous holding of 18.4 mln shares, adjusted for asplit. For example, a deal between Gillette and some othercompany at 44 dlrs per share would make Revlon richer by 262mln dlrs under the formula. Neither Perelman nor his spokesmenreturned telephone calls seeking comment.    "Revlon stands to make a substantial amount of money ifsomeone else takes over Gillette," said Analyst Deepak Raj ofMerrill Lynch and Co. "I'm not saying that is going to happenbut Gillette is an undervalued stock with a breakup value of 45dlrs per share."    Shore of Shearson Lehman said there are a couple of reasonswhy Perelman may not be really interested in acquiringGillette. He said Perelman, in the process of taking Revlonprivate after acquiring control of the cosmetics company twoyears ago, probably wants to concentrate on improving Revlon'soperations. "He's trying to overhaul and improve the image ofthe dearptment store business." Another reason is that Revlonhas recently made two other acquisitions.    Under those circumstances, Shore would not be surprised ifsome company such as Unilever plc &lt;UN.AS> or Procter and GambleCo &lt;PG> decided to take a look at Gillette.    Shore mentioned half a dozen other potential buyers forGillette including Sir James Goldsmith, Hanson Trust plc &lt;HAN>,RJR Nabisco Inc &lt;RJR>, American Brands Inc &lt;AMB> and RalstonPurina Co &lt;RAL>.    "Perelman is trying to put the company in play," said aWall Street arbitrageur. "He gets to share in the upside if thecompany is sold." Another arbitrageur said he expects Gilletteto resist Perelman's overture. "I can't see the boardconsenting, what has changed between November and now," hesaid.       Another arbitrageur said he was not sure what was going on."Perelman never does anything without a fair amount ofcalculation," he said. But he added, "The Gillette board has tobe careful. They just can't say no or they'll be sued byshareholders." Gillette's board was still meeting at 1700 EDT,three and one-half hours after the scheduled starting time.    According to a copy of Perelman's letter released byGillette, he would be prepared to sign a defnitive mergeragreement without any financing condition. He said CitibankN.A. is his lead lender and First Boston Inc is his financialadviser. Reuter&#3;