South Africa's Electricity SupplyCommission (Escom), which last year launched a massiverestructuring programme after the ending of foreign loans tothe country in 1985, said it met its budget targets in 1986without foreign finance.    The electricity company, which supplies about 90 pct ofSouth Africa's power, said in its annual report that it failedto attract any foreign loans in 1986, but it was confident ofmeeting its funding requirements this year, despite availablefinance from abroad remaining restricted.    The utility, which once was South Africa's largest borrowerof foreign funds, said prearranged import financing facilitiesare expected to provide foreign funds of only about 300 mlnrand this year. A further 550 mln rand will be borrowed from ablocked account administered by the South African governmentfor the eventual repayment of about 13 billion rand inshort-term loans.    These are currently frozen by an effective moratorium onrepayments. The blocked account is part of a debt accordrecently reached with South Africa's foreign creditor banks.    South Africa declared a moratorium on repayments of about14 billion dlrs of its original 24 billion dlr total foreigndebt in September 1985 after foreign bankers abruptly cut offcredit lines to the country because of concern over itsdeteriorating political and economic climate.    Pretoria last week announced that it had reached athree-year rescheduling agreement with the major internationalcreditors that will effectively extend a moratorium on mostrepayments of the short-term portion of the debt untilmid-1990.    Escom said it plans to meet the bulk of its fundingrequirements this year by raising 2.2 billion rand in the SouthAfrican financial markets against a total of 1.75 billion randraised last year.    "The borrowing programme for 1987 is well within thecapacity of the (domestic) financial markets, without pressurebeing placed on interest rates," the corporation said.    "Last year we embarked on the most dramatic restructuringprogramme ever attempted by a major South African business, andwe have largely achieved what we set out to do," Escom chairman,John Maree, told a news conference. MORE&#3;