Standard and Poor's Corp said itdowngraded six U.S. money center bank holding companies,affecting about 13.3 billion dlrs of debt securities.    They are Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB>, Chemical New York Corp&lt;CHL>, Irving Bank Corp &lt;V>, Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC>,Mellon Financial Corp &lt;MEL> and Security Pacific Corp &lt;SPC>.    S and P said the action on Chase, Chemical, Irving andManufacturers primarily reflected continued vulnerability tolesser developed countries and median financial performance.    Standard and Poor's said its downgrade of Chemical alsoreflected that holding company's acquisition of Texas CommerceBancshares &lt;TCB>, which was just now approved by the FederalReserve.    For Mellon and Security Pacific, S and P cited highernon-performing assets and weaker operating earnings.    The rating agency said it completed a review, based on 1986results, of the largest U.S. bank holding companies. It paidspecial attention to reassessing the effect of exposures tolesser developed countries on the holding companies' earningsand capital.    "Brazil's unilateral moratorium on debt service paymentsunderscored the potential for polarization between bankers anddebtor countries," S and P said.    S and P noted that while Argentina, Brazil, Mexico andVenezuela each face unique economic problems, the lack ofprogress toward moderating their debt service burdens has beendisappointing.    However, the agency pointed out that a substantiveimprovement in the large banks' financial positions has actedas a counter-balance to the Latin American debt situation.    Citing increasing financial strength, S and P said itaffirmed the debt ratings of Citicorp &lt;CCI>, Bankers Trust NewYork Corp &lt;BT>, Bank of Boston Corp &lt;BKB> and J.P. Morgan andCo Inc &lt;JPM>.    S and P noted that most U.S. bank holding companies havewhat it termed easily realizable capital resources available tothem, such as undervalued real estate, appreciated portfoliosecurities and overfunded pension plans.    "Most bank managements appear committed to improving thequality of their balance sheets," S and P said, noting many nowemphasize long-term strategies over short-term earnings.    Standard and Poor's reduced Chase Manhattan's senior debtto AA-minus from AA, subordinated debt to A-plus from AA-minusand preferred stock to A from A-plus. The commercial paper ofthe parent and its unit Chase Manhattan Bank of Canada wereaffirmed at A-1-plus.    Chase has 3.2 billion dlrs of debt outstanding. It has 6.4billion dlrs of loans to Argentina, Brazil, Mexico andVenezuela - one of the highest exposures to lesser developedcountries among U.S. money centers.    Chase's underlying profitability remains at median levelsbecause of its high expense structure, S and P said.    S and P cut Chemical's and the unit Chemical New YorkN.V.'s senior debt to AA-minus from AA and subordinated debt toA-plus from AA-minus.    About 1.2 billion dlrs of long-term debt was affected.    The agency cited Chemical's relatively large exposure toLatin American borrowers, particulary Brazil and Mexico,continued high levels of nonperforming assets and the pendingacquisition of Texas Commerce.    Aggregate exposure to Argentina, Brazil, Mexico andVenezuela was almost four billion dlrs at year-end 1986, or 105pct of equity and reserves, S and P pointed out.    Irving's senior debt was reduced to A-plus from AA-minus,with subordinated debt and preferred stock lowered to A fromA-plus. Its commercial paper was affirmed at A-111-1plus.    Irving has about 500 mln dlrs of debt outstanding. Itsapproximately 1.4 billion dlrs of loans to the four major Latindebtor countries account for 110 pct of year-end equity andreserves.    S and P downgraded Manufacturers Hanover's senior debt to Afrom A-plus, subordinated debt to A-minus from A and preferredstock to BBB-plus from A-minus but affirmed its A-1 commercialpaper. The bank has 3.8 billion dlrs of debt.    S and P noted that Manufacturers has about 6.7 billion dlrsof loans to the major Latin debtor nations and has experiencedweak earnings.    However, the unit CIT Group Holdings Inc's AA-minus seniordebt and A-1-plus commercial paper were affirmed.    The rating agency cut Mellon's senior debt to A-plus fromAA and preferred stock to A from AA-minus. It has 1.1 billiondlrs of debt securities.    The commercial paper programs of Mellon Bank Canada andMellon Australia Ltd, guaranteed by the parent company, werelowered to A-1 from A-1-plus.    S and P cited continued lower operating earnings and risingnonperforming assets and charge-offs for Mellon.    Security Pacific's 1.7 billion dlrs of debt was downgraded.Cut were its senior debt to AA from AA-plus, and subordinateddebt and preferred stock to AA-minus from AA.    Security Pacific Overseas Finance N.V.'s debt issues werereduced to AA from AA-plus. Affirmed were the parent's A-1-pluscommercial paper and the BBB-rated debt of the unit SecurityPacific Financial Systems.    These actions reflected Security Pacific's continued highlevels of nonperforming assets and charge-offs, S and P said. Reuter&#3;