Ample supplies of OPEC crude weighing onworld markets helped limit and then reverse oil price gainsthat followed the U.S. Strike on an Iranian oil platform in theGulf earlier on Monday, analysts said.    December loading rose to 19.65 dlrs, up 45 cents beforefalling to around 19.05/15 later, unchanged from last Friday.    "Fundamentals are awful," said Philip Lambert, analyst withstockbrokers Kleinwort Grieveson, adding that total OPECproduction in the first week of October could be above 18.5 mlnbpd, little changed from September levels.    Peter Nicol, analyst at Chase Manhattan Bank, said OPECproduction could be about 18.5-19.0 mln in October. Reuter andInternational Energy Agency (IEA) estimates put OPEC Septemberproduction at 18.5 mln bpd.    The U.S. Attack was in retaliation of last Friday's hit ofa Kuwaiti oil products tanker flying the U.S. Flag, the SeaIsle City. It was struck by a missile, believed to be Iranian,in Kuwaiti waters, and was the first hit on a U.S. Flagcommercial vessel in the seven year Iran/Iraq war.    The U.S. Owned Liberian flag tanker Sungari was hit in thearea on Thursday, also believed struck by an Iranian missile.    Refiners were not significant purchasers of physical oil onMonday as a result increased Gulf tension following the U.S.Attack, analysts said.    They said a closure of the Strait of Hormuz, through whicharound eight mln bpd passes, isnlikely because it is not inthe interests of the U.S. Or Iran, they said.    Any threat to oil supplies would stem from an increase inthe number of tanker attacks as part of a widening of Gulfhostilities, analysts said.    But they saw the U.S. Strike as a limited reply to Iranianmissile attacks, with some describing it as responsible.    Geoffrey Pyne, analyst at stockbrokers Phillips and Drew,said he was impressed by the sensible U.S. Response.    "The U.S. Has thought carefully about what would correspondto Iranian agression. They have proved to the Iranians that anyfurther action will be met with a like-for-like response.Today's action by the U.S. Was not escalatory," Pyne said.    Kleinwort Grieveson's Lambert said the U.S. Strike was "aresponsible retaliation," with the U.S. Apparently indicating toIran that it could increase the severity of its attacksf Iranchose to raise the level of conflict.    Chase Manhattan's Nicol took a different view, however.    He said he was unable to see what the U.S. Had achieved asArab states such as Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, whose intereststhe U.S. Is supposedly defending, will feel less secure as aresult of the U.S. Attack and fear some sort of Iranianretaliation.    The initial upward market move this morning reflected astrong speculative reaction to rumours of a U.S. Attack whichwas thought at one stage to have been against Iranian missilelaunchers on the Faw Peninsula, close to Kuwait, analysts said.    The later downtrend followed confirmation of a U.S. Navyattack on an Iranian oil platform by the U.S. Defence SecretaryCaspar Weinburger.    Market operators were able to evaluate the situation in theGulf on the basis of confirmed fact, and finding it lessserious than first thought, took profits, taking prices lower,analysts and traders said. REUTER&#3;