Preliminary talks are on between twostate-owned Philippine banks and Soviet metal trading andequipment sales company Tsvetmetpromexport on rescuing NonocMining and Industrial Corp (NMIC) which operates thePhilippines' only nickel refinery, a Soviet official said.    G.I. Valentchits, Deputy Trade Minister at the Sovietembassy, told Reuters a report earlier this week thatTsvetmetpromexport had asked the Philippine government whetherit could help rehabilitate or operate NMIC was incorrect.    "It is the other way round," Valentchits said.    He said the Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP) andthe Philippine National Bank (PNB), which own NMIC, hadapproached the Soviet state-owned firm in August last year.    "We studied the question and asked the banks in which fieldand what area they can help in the project," Valentchits said.    He said there had been no reply yet from NMIC and the talkswere "only just initial."    NMIC President Arthur Aguilar and other company officialswere not available for comment.    Manila banking sources said the situation was serious atNMIC, set up by DBP and PNB in August 1984 after the two banksforeclosed on the assets of Marinduque Mining and IndustrialCorp over a 17 billion peso obligation.    The bankers said NMIC itself has recently filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for placing thecompany under receivership and the suspension of its debtpayments in order to protect it from threats of foreclosure.    Business Day newspaper said the latest credits extended toNMIC include a 127 mln dlr loan, with Chemical Bank as the leadagent.    The newspaper said another 33 mln dlr loan was lead managedby Citicorp.    It said the government's privatisation program has listedNMIC at a price of at least 700 mln dlrs, adding that foreigninvestors were wary of taking over the ailing nickel firm.    The bankers said NMIC was currently burdened with debts ofat least 15.8 billion pesos and is facing 10 civil lawsuits forforeclosures from major creditors.    The Business Bulletin newspaper said the firm had assetstotalling 12.2 billion pesos, while DBP and PNB exposures withthe firm were estimated at 14.9 billion pesos.    NMIC has not operated its plant in the southern Philippinessince March 1986 after workers struck demanding payment ofsalaries delayed because of the firm's financial difficulties.    The firm produced 1,863 tonnes of nickel in the first twomonths of 1986, compared with 2,364 tonnes in the same periodin 1985. The mine's capacity is 2,000 tonnes a month. Reuter&#3;