Parliament's Lower House passed the 1987budget shortly before midnight local time, officialparliamentary sources said.    The move followed agreement by the ruling LiberalDemocratic Party to a proposal that could kill its plan tointroduce a controversial sales tax, political analysts said.The move was seen as a major blow to Prime Minister YasuhiroNakasone, the leading advocate of the five pct tax, they said.    Some analysts said Nakasone may be forced to step downafter the June summit of heads of major industrial democraciesand before his one-year term is due to expire at end-October.    Under the compromise agreed by the LDP and oppositionparties, Lower House Speaker Kenzaburo Hara will take charge ofthe sales tax bill, appoint a ruling/opposition party councilto debate it and allow opposition leaders to review the presenttax system, analysts said.    Hara also verbally agreed to scrap the sales tax planentirely if the joint council fails to reach agreement on howto handle the tax.    The opposition parties, who have been vociferouslyattacking the sales tax plan for months, hailed the decision asa great victory.    The opposition parties had already delayed passage of thebudget for three weeks after the April 1 start of the fiscalyear by intermittent parliamentary boycotts.    Although the LDP had more than enough votes to ram thebudget through parliament, it had been reluctant to do so forfear of a backlash of public opinion, especially after itssetback in recent local elections due to the sales tax issue.    The ruling party though was anxious to pass the budgetbefore Nakasone leaves next week for the U.S. So that he couldtell Washington the Japanese government was doing its utmost toboost the sagging economy and imports.    According to Kyodo News Service, Nakasone told reporters hedid not think the sales tax was dead.    If the sales tax is dropped, it could prove a major boostto the economy because it would increase the government budgetdeficit, economists said.    The sales tax was originally scheduled to be introducednext January to help offset the loss of government revenuesstemming from a cut in income and corporate taxes due to gointo effect this month. REUTER&#3;