The Australian Stock Exchange Ltd (ASX)today took up the responsibility for administering a newcoordinated market made up of Australia's six former exchanges,now operating as subsidiary trading floors.    At the same time, rules prohibiting corporations andnon-stock-exchange members from holding more than 50 pct ofAustralia's 101 brokerage firms were abolished, leaving brokersexposed to greater deregulation.    Industry sources said the moves will smooth the changeoverto screen-based trading and give the equities market one voice.    Westpac Banking Corp &lt;WSTP.S> was one of the first to takeadvantage of the changes by announcing today it would doubleits stake in the Sydney firm &lt;Ord Minnett Ltd> to 100 pct.    Brokers have been introduced to creeping deregulation overthe past three years after legislation passed in 1984 to endrestrictive trade practices forced the traditional partnershipsto open themselves at first to partial ownership by outsideinstitutions, and eventually to full ownership.    The phase-in period has ended, and several major banks andoffshore financial institutions are investigating taking largerstakes in Australian broking houses, industry sources said.    Though deregulation was all but forced on brokers, most nowacknowledge that the influx of capital and contacts fromnon-member shareholders has benefited the industry, they said.    "Deregulation has brought an infusion of additional capitaland a broader base of products," ASX chairman Ian Roach toldReuters.    Roach said fears that major bank shareholders would imposea restrictive and conservative "bank culture" on the dynamicsharebroking industry were unfounded.    "So far the banks have been mindful of the importance ofpreserving the entrepreneurial aspect of sharebroking," he said.    But some brokers said others are sceptical and expect thatthe expiration of "golden handcuff" pacts, which tied partners totheir firms for a period after incorporation, could cause amassive talent drain.    Several leading brokers have already announced plans toleave their firms and establish new private client businesses,while others plan public floats.    While bank shareholders have enjoyed dabbling in brokingduring Australia's record two-and-a-half year bull run, theycould find themselves without the expertise they need duringmore difficult times, some brokers said.    Rene Rivkin, head of Sydney brokerage house &lt;Rivkin JamesCapel Ltd>, said many brokers will resist anything thatrestricts their individuality and entrepreneurial spirit, andthis could leave new entrants into the business short-staffed.    "If I were a bank I'm not sure I would have gone intobroking.... What's going to happen when a lot of these goldenhandcuffs come to an end?" Rivkin said.    "Only then will the banks know what they've got," he said.    Rivkin's firm is 50 pct owned by Hongkong and ShanghaiBanking Corp &lt;HKBH.HK> unit &lt;Wardley Australia Ltd> and plans apublic float of between 25 and 30 pct.    "My relationship with the Hong Kong bank is wonderful. Theyleave me alone and give me all the support I need.... Maybe ifwe weren't doing so well there wouldn't be that support, butthat hasn't happened," he said.    Other firms might not be so lucky, he said, and they couldfind it difficult to preserve their independence when the bullmarket ends.    In the last two years, the value of the Australiansharemarket has leapt 118 pct with turnover value up 152 pct to31.24 billion dlrs in the year to June 30, 1986.    That growth put existing trading systems and clearinghouses under pressure, and unification of the six sovereignexchanges should accelerate the development of screen-basedtrading and a single clearing house, industry sources said.    From July this year 30 leading stocks will be traded in apilot of the ASX's screen trading system which, depending onits reception by brokers, is expected to replace trading floorsover the next four years, industry sources said. REUTER&#3;