Sykes Datatronics Inc said ithas agreed in principle for Marshall Associates and H and Mresources Inc to each purchase up to one mln dlrs of itsconvertible debentures, allowing Sykes to pay in full its debtto Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB> and Chemical New York Corp &lt;CHL>.    The company said at closing, each investor will buy 750,000dlrs of convertible debentures bearing interest at three pointsover the prime rate.  It said interest only is payable untilJune 1, 1990, when repayment of principal in 20 quarterlyinstallments.    Sykes said the remaining 250,000 dlrs of each commitmentmay be drawn down at Sykes' option after December 1, 1987 ifthe company has met certain performance levels.    It said the debentures are convertible into common stock at15 cts per share.  It said if it has now drawn all of theremaining 500,000 dlrs of debentures, the investor can buywhatever amount of debentures remain unsold and immediatelyconvert  them to Sykes stock.    Sykes said if both investors were to convert all of thedebentures, they would own 13.3 mln Sykes shares.  Sykes nowhas 13.0 mln shares outstanding.    Sykes said, however, that the agreement with the investorsprovides that the number of shares resulting from theconversion of the debentures may not be in an amount that wouldlimit Sykes' ability to use its net operating loss carryforwardunder the Tax Reform Act of 1986.  The provisioin wouldprevcent the investor from owning more than 50 pct of Sykes'shares immediately after conversion, it said.    The company said closing of the trasaction is expectedbefore July 1, subject to the receipt of a fairness opinionfrom an investment banker, Moseley Holdings Corp &lt;MOSE.O>.    Sykes said it will use 1,100,000 dlrs of the initial1,500,000 dlrs in proceeds, together with a 200,000 dlr note,to pay in full all its debt to Chase and Chemical.  The bankswill then release their security interests in sykes assets,which will be pledged to the two new investors instead, itsaid.    Sykes said on payment to the banks, it will no longer haveto pay to the banks lease payments and proceeds from the saleof excess inventory and assets. Reuter&#3;