Brazilian Finance Minister Dilson Funaroflatly rejected a U.K. Suggestion that his country seekInternational Monetary Fund help in order to facilitate debtnegotiations with commercial creditor banks.    Talking to reporters, Funaro said this attitude would nothelp resolve the crisis started when Brazil suspendedindefenitely interest payments on 68 billion dlrs in externaldebt on February 20.    Funaro was in Britain on the first leg of a tour ofEuropean capitals to explain the motives of the Brazilian debtmoratorium and to seek support for intiatives to improvecapital flows between developed countries and third worlddebtor nations.   Talking before his departure for Paris, he said there couldbe no question of Brazil adopting another IMF austerity planafter a similar package four years ago "put Brazil in a very bigrecession."    "We had an IMF program - it simply meant export more andimport less. We are not going to go the IMF," he said.    Funaro was reactnng to a British statement following histalks with Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson, saying theU.K. Government had no part to play in what it viewed as aproblem between Brazil and its commercial creditor banks.    Britain also believed an IMF program would help alongnegotiations between Brazil and the commercial banks, thestatement, which banking sources interpreted as an outrightrebuttal of all Brazilian demands, said.    "That was not my impression of the meeting," Funaro said; "Butif the (British) answer is more or less like this, thenthat means nothing is helping to find a solution."    Funaro stressed that his talks in Washington last week andin Europe this week were aimed at gaining official support tounblock lending from official credit agencies, rather than todeal with Brazils ties with commercial banks.    "Since 1982, all official agencies have been closed to mycountry," he said.    He said Lawson had made no commitments to support Brazil'sefforts. Lawson would officially state his position when thetwo meet again next month for the IMF and World Bank springmeetings in Washington, Funaro said.    Stressing there was no binding time schedule for Brazil'sdebt problem to be resolved, Funaro said Brazil had not come toEurope with specific proposals to overcome the present crisis.    "We didn't come here to make a cash-flow programme," he said,"We will have meetings at the IMF next month - let's see whathappens."    Neither did Brazil plan a major overhaul of currentdomestic economic policies, which Funaro said would likely leadto a five pct economic growth this year.    "Over the past five years we paid back 45 billion dlrs andreceived 11 billion ... This is a very big effort," he said."What we have to offer is our cooperation." Reuter&#3;