Latest Federal Reserve data suggest thatthe central bank voted to maintain the existing degree ofpressure on banking reserves at its regular policy-makingmeeting two weeks ago, money market economists said.    "The numbers were a little disappointing, but I think wecan take Mr Volcker at his word when he said that nothing hadchanged," said Bob Bannon of Security Pacific National Bank.    Fed Chairman Paul Volcker told a Congressional committeelast Thursday that the Fed's policy "has been unchanged up totoday."    Although Volcker's statement last Thursday allayed mostfears that the Fed had marginally tightened its grip onreserves to help an ailing dollar, many economists still wantedconfirmation of a steady policy in today's data, which coveredthe two-week bank statement period ended yesterday.    This need for additional reassurance was made all the moreacute by the Fed's decision yesterday to drain reserves fromthe banking system by arranging overnight matched sale-purchaseagreements for the first time since April of last year,economists added.    Today's data showed that the draining action was for afairly large 3.9 billion dlrs, economists said.    "The one thing that caught my eye were the relativelysizeable matched sales on Wednesday," said Dana Johnson ofFirst National Bank of Chicago. "But there was a clearlyjustified need for them. There was nothing ominous."    "The Fed couldn't have waited until the start of the newstatement period today. If it had, it would have missed its(reserve) projections," added Security Pacific's Bannon.    A Fed spokesman told reporters that there were no largesingle-day net miss in reserve projections in the latest week.    Economists similarly shrugged off slightly higher-than-expected adjusted bank borrowings from the Fed's discountwindow, which averaged 310 mln dlrs a day in the latest week,compared with many economists' forecasts of about 200 mln.    For the two-week bank statement period as a whole, thedaily borrowing average more than doubled to 381 mln dlrs from160 in the prior period.    "There were wire problems at two large banks on Tuesday andWednesday, so I am not too bothered about the borrowings," saidScott Winningham of J.S. Winningham and Co. The Wednesdayaverage rose to 946 mln dlrs from 148 mln a week earlier.    Lending further support to the stable policy view was arelatively steady federal funds rate of about six pct in thelatest week and persistently high levels of excess reserves inthe banking system, economists said.    "For the time being, the Fed is following a neutral path,with fed funds at about six to 6-1/8 pct," said Darwin Beck ofFirst Boston Corp. "I expect it to continue in that vein."    "Excess reserves fell but they are still over a billiondlrs," added First Chicago's Johnson. Banks' excess reservesaveraged 1.03 billion dlrs a day in the latest statementperiod, down from 1.50 billion in the previous one.    After the Fed declined to assign a 1987 target growth rangeto the wayward M-1 money supply measure last week, littleattention was paid to a steeper-than-anticipated 2.1 billiondlr jump in the week ended February 16.    Looking ahead, economists said the Fed will have to tread afine line between the dollar's progress in the internationalcurrency markets and the development of the domestic economy.    "The market has perhaps exaggerated the dollar's effect onFed policy," said First Chicago's Johnson. "Of course, it willtake the dollar into account in future policy decisions but ifthe economy is weak, it won't pull back from easing." Reuter&#3;