Caesars World Inc &lt;CAW> said itsdirectors unanimously approved a recapitalization plan underwhich stockholders will get a cash distribution of 25 dlrs pershare via a one-time special cash dividend and will retaintheir common stock ownership in Caesars World.    Caesars World said it expects to raise the approximatelyone billion dlrs needed to pay the 25 dlr per share dividendand the expenses of recapitalization through around 200 mlndlrs in bank borrowings and a public sale of approximately 800mln dlrs of debt. Some outstanding debt will be retired.    Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc, Caesars' financial advisor, hastold the company it is confident it can arrange the entirefinancing needed for the recapitalization.    Henry Gluck, chairman and chief executive officer of thehotel, casino and resorts company, said in a statement theboard believes the recapitalization plan is financiallysuperior to a 28 dlr a share tender offer by Martin Sosnoff.    Gluck said the Caesars World board once again recommendsthat shareholders reject the Sosnoff offer.    The stock closed at 29.25 dlrs a share on Friday.    "Our ability to restructure along these lines is possibleprimarily because of the financial stability and the strongoperating results achieved by management in recent years," Glucksaid.    He said that after the recapitalization takes effect,proforma net income for the fiscal year ended July 31, 1988 isexpected to be about 28.7 mln dlrs.    Fiscal 1988 primary earnings per share are projected to be76 cents, based on about 37.8 mln in post-recapitalizationcommon and common-equivalent shares outstanding.    Commenting on the company's longer term earnings outlook,Gluck said "we project net income to increase to 86.2 mln dlrsin 1992, reflecting increased operating income and lowerinterest expense due to the retirement of 267 mln dlrs of debtincurred in connection with the recapitalization."    He said the company does not usually release projections,but has done so now beause of the significance of therecapitalization.    Gluck said the recapitalization plan will be submitted forstockholder approval at a special meeting expected in June.    The plan will require the approval of stockholders and thatof the Nevada and New Jersey gaming regulatory authorities.    As part of the plan, the company will change its state ofincorporation from Florida to Delaware by means of a merger ofCaesars World into a wholly owned subsidiary of the company.    The new incorporation certificate and bylaws will providefor, among other things, a "fair price" provision requiring thatcertain transactions with interested 15 pct stockholders beapproved by an 80 pct vote of stockholders, excluding sharesheld by such interested stockholders.    Caesars World said in a statement that "the cashdistribution will result in a substantial deficit instockholders' equity." It did not give an estimate of the sizeof this deficit.    But the company said its financial advisors have said theybelieve that after the recapitalization, Caesars World shouldhave the financial flexibility and resources necessary tofinance its current and projected operating and capitalrequirements. REUTER&#3;