The U.S. Administration, underCongressional pressure to cut the trade deficit, will urgeTokyo and Bonn to meet commitments to speed economic growth tostabilise currencies at Wednesday's meetings of leadingindustrial nations in Washington, monetary sources said.    The U.S. Will also try to develop proposals made at the1986 Tokyo Summit for measures to ensure agreements such as theParis Accord are more binding, they said.    Treasury Secretary James Baker's dual initiatives reflectU.S. Frustration with the two countries for not moving fastenough to curb their huge trade surpluses, they added.    Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa is expected tobring the outline of an economic stimulus package to themeeting, which will be attended by West Germany, France,Britain, Italy and Canada as well as the U.S. And Japan, thesources said.    "The sooner the Japanese can announce their intention toannounce a stimulative package,the better it is for Japan andfor the exchange markets in general," one of the sources said.    Treasury Secretary James Baker said the Paris Agreement, inwhich West Germany and Japan made their commitments, will berenewed by the industrial countries this week.    Other U.S. Officials said a meeting of the Group of Sevenwill be a status report on progress Bonn and Tokyo have madesetting up stimulus measures.    The U.S. Will tell its partners that it expects a furthersubstantial budget deficit reduction package to be agreed withCongress this year, the sources said.    Washington would like its economic partners to establishspecific economic policy goals. Sharp deviations from the setobjectives would trigger consultations among the countries onappropriate corrective action, they added.    The Paris accord envisaged surplus countries like Japan andWest Germany stimulating domestic demand to absorb more importsand the U.S. Cutting its budget deficit, thereby depressing itsdemand for imports.    But the markets are signalling the dollar's floor may befar below its level at the time the Paris agreement was struck,the sources said.    Monetary sources also said the dollar's recent sharp fallagainst the yen reflected the U.S.-Japanese dispute oversemi-conductor trade which resulted in U.S. Tariffs on certainJapanese electronic goods.    One of the sources said the dispute has to some extentsoured the atmosphere ahead of the meetings.    Congressional sentiment for protectionist measures, aimedparticularly at Japan, has strengthened, the sources said. REUTER&#3;