American Express Co said its boardapproved a public offering of about 18 pct of its wholly ownedShearson Lehman Brothers Inc brokerage unit.    American Express also approved the previously announcedplan to sell about 13 pct, or 13 mln convertible preferred, ofthe unit to Nippon Life insurance co for 538 mln dlrs. Thepreferred shares are convertible to the same number of commonshares following Hart-Scott-Rodino and FDIC approvals.    American Express said it will maintain 60 pct, or 60 mln ofthe 100 mln shares of Shearson that will be outstanding.    American Express said it had agreed with Nippon life thatAmerican Express will hold a minimum of 40 pct of Shearsonuntil January, 1999.   American Express said 7.5 mln Shearson shares would be heldby certain employees of Shearson and one mln by a Shearsonstock ownership plan to be formed.    American Express said it anticipates a registrationstatement for the public offering will be filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission shortly.    American Express also declared a two-for-one stock splitand raised its quarterly dividend to 38 cts per share from 36cts on a pre-split basis. Both dividends are payable May 8, toshareholders of record April 3. There are currently 215 mlnAmerican Express shares outstanding.    The transaction with Nippon Life remains subject toapproval by the Japanese ministry of finance, which is expectedin April.    American Express also said an agreement was reached byShearson and Nippon Life providing for a joint venture inLondon.    The venture will focus on investment advisory assetmanagement, market research and consulting on financing. Italso said it expects the relationship to extend to selectedprojects involving American Express, Shearson Lehman and NipponLife in key financial centers of Asia and other regions, and tofuture personnel exchanges.    Under the agreement, Nippon will receive 13 mln cumulativepreferred shares with a five pct dividend rate. The cumulativepreferred stock will become convertible with voting powers toan equal number of common shares following the U.S. governmentapprovals.    American Express said that assuming conversion of thepreferred stock held by Nippon, 100 mln shares of ShearsonLehman common stock would be outstanding. For the publicoffering, it said there will be an underwriters overallotmentoption to purchase 1.8 mln shares.    American Express will also grant Nippon Life a five-yearwarrant to purchase one mln American Express common shares at100 dlrs per share. There are currently 215 mln AmericanExpress shares outstanding.    Nippon Life would be entitled to nominate two directors tothe Shearson board and one representative to serve as anadviser to the American Express board of directors.    "These proposed transactions are yet another signal thatamerican express intends to stay in the forefront of thefinancial services industry worldwide," said American ExpressChairman James D. Robinson. "The implementation of our plans,moreover, will enable us to maintain a majority interest inshearson while enhancing the strength of our balance sheet bytapping additional capital resources for shearson outsideamerican express."Reuter...&#3;