Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone willstep down only after his plan to overhaul Japan's tax systemgets parliamentary approval, one of his closest aides saidtoday.    The aide, who declined to be identified, said at a privatemeeting, "Nakasone's power in office does not necessarilyterminate at the end of his term in October. It depends on when(the) seven tax reform bills get parliamentary approval."    Nakasone vowed yesterday to press on with his plan despiteSunday's unexpected Upper House by-election defeat of theruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) in a conservativestronghold.    The socialist winner, backed by other opposition parties,had campaigned against a controversial five pct value addedsales tax, the main plank of the reform plans.    The aide dismissed the possibility of any amendment of thesales tax on the grounds the opposition parties were demandingnothing but retraction of the tax.    They have been refusing to discuss a draft budget for the1987 fiscal year starting on April 1, which includes the taxplans. They have been resorting to an on-off boycott ofparliament since February 4.   "If I were Nakasone, I would close the current regularparliamentary session on May 27 as scheduled, attend the Venicesummit of industrial democracies in June and open anextraordinary session to discuss the tax plans," the aide said.    Under law, a regular session can be extended only oncewhile an extraordinary session can be extended twice.The otheroption would be to extend the current session, he said.    "The opposition parties will surely present a no-confidencemotion against the Nakasone Cabinet at one stage or another."    One scenario then will be to reject the motion opening upthe way for tax reform.   "Another scenario is the resignation of the Nakasone Cabineten masse. A third scenario is a dissolution of the Lower Housefor a snap general election," the aide said.    That is only possible if the 200 opposition members resignfrom the 512-seat Lower House, necessitating by-elections.    The LDP now has 304 seats in the Lower House after itslandslide victory in general elections last July.    There are five independents and three vacancies.    "The LDP which will put up candidates will certainly inflatetheir seats, but at the expense of fierce media criticism," theaide said.    He said he expected the proposed sales tax to have littleeffect on local elections to be held on April 12 and 26.    About 2,600 elections will be held in all but three of thenation's 47 prefectures including 13 gubernatorial elections.    "Candidates running in prefectural assemblies will alloppose the sales tax irrespective of their party tickets.    "Possible effects, if any, will be on gubernatorialelections in Japan's northernmost island of Hokkaido andFukuoka in southern Japan," he said.    The two posts are now held by opposition socialists. REUTER&#3;