A. William Reynolds, chairman andchief executive of GenCorp Inc, told shareholders he expects toannounce a company alternative to a 100-dlr-per-share hostiletender within a week.    Last night the company urged shareholders to reject thetender. Reynolds urged shareholders to be patient, saying thegroup sponsoring the tender offer had months to evaluateGenCorp while "we have had only 10 days to respond."    Reynolds also disclosed the company has resolved legalchallenges to its planned sale of WOR TV, serving the New YorkCity market, and expects to complete the sale by Friday.    Reynolds said the company expects to book an after tax gainof 250 mln dlrs from the sale of WOR TV. The company plans tosell the station to MCA Inc &lt;MCA> for 387 mln dlrs.    Reynolds did not specify whether the legal challenges weredropped or dismissed. The Federal Communications Commission hasalready approved the station's sale.    Money from the sale of the station will play a role inhelping develop an alternative to the tender offer co-sponsoredby AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG> and Wagner and Brown, Reynoldssaid. He provided no other details.    Randall Hubbard, chairman of AFG, and Joel Reed, chieffinancial officer of Wagner and Brown, attended the meeting,which was shifted from a tire plant to a downtown hotel. About300 people were present despite an overnight snowstorm.    Hubbard and Reed chatted briefly with Reynolds after themeeting but declined to discuss their proposal with reporters.    Reynolds told the shareholders friends and family membershave been telling him "Bill, just don't pay greenmail" to endthe takeover threat. Greenmail describes a buyout of a minorityshareholder at a price not available to other holders. Reynoldssaid he considers it a "repugnant device."    Shareholders elected management's slate of 11 directors.Mario Gabelli, head of a New York investment firm which owns alarge block of stock, proposed one nominee for the board.Gabelli said the unsuccessful attempt was designed to "stiffenthe backbone of the board to discourage greenmail."    Hubbard and Reed reiterated previous statements that theyare open to negotiations with GenCorp.    Asked about severance contracts for key executives in theevent of a shift in control of the company, Reynolds asserted"we're developing alternatives that would not result in achange in control."    Asked whether the company's plan would be superior to anyproposal of AFG and Wagner and Brown, Reynolds commented, "Weknow the company, we know the values and we know theopportunities better than any outside group."    In response to a question about whether any units are upfor sale, he said only that GenCorp is evaluating alternatives. Reuter&#3;