Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves haverisen to a new high of 56 billion U.S. Dlrs, and officialsattribute the increase to a surging trade surplus and theinflux of speculative funds.    The reserves, up from 54 billion dlrs on April 19, comparewith 27.3 billion a year ago, the Central Bank said.    Vice economic minister Wang Chien-shien told Reuters: "Therising reserves will certainly intensify our trade frictionwith the U.S."    A central bank official, who declined to be named, saidTaiwan's trade surplus is expected to exceed 5.5 billion U.S.Dlrs in the first four months of 1987, against 4.25 billion ayear ago.    The influx of speculative funds, mainly from Hong Kong,Japan and the U.S., Also played a major role behind the rise ofthe reserves, he said, but declined to give figures.    Banking sources said almost 10 billion U.S. Dlrs hadentered Taiwan since early 1986. About three billion of thefunds were remitted through different channels, including theblack market, since the start of this year, they said.    Wang Chao-ming, vice chairman of the government's Councilfor Economic Planning and Development, said he expects thereserves to rise in the next few months because of thecontinuing high level of Taiwan's exports and the steadyappreciation of the local dollar against the U.S. Currency.    "The latest government moves to open (the domestic) market,cut import tariffs and lift foreign exchange controls haveachieved little success," he said.    Vice economic minister Li Mo said tariffs were cut on some1,700 products in January and a further 862 this month in a bidto encourage more imports, especially the U.S.    More tariff cuts on about 300 imported products, includingtelevisions, video tape recorders, cosmetics and refrigeratorswill be announced in a month or two, Li said.    Li's colleague, Wang Chien-shien, said the government willsend several trade missions to the U.S. This year to buy aboutone billion U.S. Dlrs of products, including machinery, powerequipment, grains and precision tools.    "We earnestly hope to reduce our trade surplus with theU.S.," he said.    Taiwan's trade surplus rose to a record 13.6 billion U.S.Dlrs last year from 10.2 billion in 1985, and it widened to3.61 billion in the first quarter of 1987 against 2.78 billiona year ago, official statistics show.    The surplus has increased U.S. Pressure on Taiwan for afaster appreciation of its currency, which has risen by about18 pct since September 1985.    It opened at 33.10 to the U.S. Dollar today. REUTER&#3;