Faulty repairs and inadequate inspectioncaused the 1985 crash of a Japan Airlines Co Ltd &lt;JAPN.T> (JAL)Boeing 747 which killed 520 people, the Japanese governmentsaid in a final official report.    The clear cause of the crash was faulty repair work by theBoeing Co &lt;BA>, said Shun Takeda, the ministry of transportofficial leading the accident investigation committee.    But the report also criticised the ministry's inspectorsfor failing to carry out a full check of the repairs beforesigning the clearance sheet.    The aircraft hit Mount Osutaka, north of Tokyo, on August12, 1985, after a bulkhead separating the pressurised cabinfrom the unpressurised tail suddenly burst, fracturing keynavigation systems. Only four people survived.    A Japan Air Lines spokesman declined comment on the report.Boeing is expected to release a statement later today.    The report cleared the JAL crew of all responsibility.    In a separate set of recommendations, the investigatorssaid large aircraft operating in Japan should have fail-safesystems, but did not say how this should be done.    A press statement by a group of lawyers representingvictims of the crash criticised the report for not dealing ingreater depth with the fail-safe aspect.    The lawyers said Boeing had showed it believed the crashwas due to design defects by specifying two designmodifications to prevent a recurrence in a memorandum filed inKing County, Washington, Superior Court last March 24.    They said similar official recommendations for fail-safesystems following two air disasters involving DC-10 aircraft,near Paris in 1974 and at Chicago in 1979, had been rejectedafter objections from aircraft manufacturers.    The government investigators asked the ministry toformulate concrete guidelines for its inspectors. An internalministry memo earlier this year complained that inspectors wereleft too much on their own when making aircraft checks.    A Boeing team made repairs to the aircraft's aft bulkheadunder JAL supervision, and Transport Ministry inspectorsapproved the repairs without actually seeing them, today'sreport said.    The inspectors were unable to check Boeing's work becausethe part repaired had been covered by a seal, the report said.    Over time, cabin pressurisation speeded up the process ofmetal fatigue in the repaired bulkhead.    Boeing issued an official statement on September 6, 1985,saying the 1978 repairs it had carried out were faulty. It didnot link them with the crash. REUTER&#3;