A financial newsletter which reportedlast November that car maker Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F> lost largesums in currency transactions alleged that unnamed banks hadcircumvented banking regulations with help from VW's foreignexchange department.    VW had no immediate comment and there was nothing in thereport by the newsletter, the Platow Brief, to link its newallegations with a suspected currency swindle at VW which isnow being investigated by a prosecutor.    VW said this month that it had had to make provision forpossible losses up to 480 mln marks in the possible currencyfraud.    A spokesman for the Federal Banking Supervisory Office inWest Berlin said the office was aware that the newsletter hadmade the new allegations and would follow this with interest.    Platow Brief said around 16 mainly foreign banks based inWest Germany had "parked" excess open positions in currencytrading with VW's foreign exchange department.    Under West German banking law, banks may not end a tradingday with open positions totalling more than 30 pct of theircapital. During the day banks buy and sell currencies, usuallyaiming to match up all deals by the end and balance theirbooks.    Some traders who take a view on how currencies will movemay prefer to leave certain positions open, a speculativesituation that the German regulations are designed to limit.    According to Platow Brief, some traders apparently weregetting round the regulation by getting VW to buy or sellcurrencies and hold them temporarily so that their books weresquared. Up to 100 mln dlrs was sometimes involved.    Non-bank corporations are not covered by the restrictions,imposed after a bank crash in 1974 to protect bank depositors.    Breaches of the Banking Law in this way can be punished bya fine for the dealers involved, and in extreme cases byremoval of the managers, if their active involvement is proved.    But the Federal Banking Supervisory Office said it firsthad to be established how far, if at all, regulations werebreached.    The suspected VW currency swindle meanwhile involvedoperations to protect the company against fluctuations in thevalue of the dollar, VW spoksmen have said.    Some operations to hedge against changes in currency valueswere not completed, meaning VW stood to lose money.    A senior executive has been fired and several other peoplesuspended, while a prosecutor is looking into the matter. REUTER&#3;