The Securities Exchange Commissiondecided to allow the Midwest Stock exchange to trade 25 stockscurrently listed on the National Securities Dealers AssociationAutomated Quotation, NASDAQ, system.    The SEC's unanimous decision granting so-called unlistedtrading privileges to the 25 NASDAQ securities will allow theMidwest Exchange to begin trading the issues by May 18 under aone-year pilot program.    Unlisted trading privileges allow trading of stocks on anexchange other than the one on which the stocks are listed.    Before it would approve the Midwest Exchange request forthe unlisted trading privileges, the SEC had insisted that itand the National Association of Securities Dealers, NASD, comeup with a way of reporting and combining information on stockprices and transactions.    SEC officials said they needed to be assured that information on the trading in and price of the securities wouldbe in one place, for accuracy and consistency.    But since the exchanges still have not come with a masterplan, the SEC approved an interim plan under which NASDAQterminals would be put on the Midwest Exchange floor.    All trades in the 25 over the counter securities done onthe Midewest Exchange will be quoted in the NASDAQ system aswell as on the Midwest Exchange under the interim plan.    The NASD, Midwest Exchange and several other exchanges havesaid they are working on a master plan for consolidating thereporting of price quotes and other information on stocks nowtraded on NASDAQ and listed on one or more exchanges.    But an SEC official said such a new master reporting systemis not expected to be in place until early next year. TheMidwest Exchange proposed the interim reporting plan so that itcan begin unlisted trading immediately, he said.    The 25 securities to be traded on the Midwest Exchange arethe first over the counter securities to be traded on anyexchange besides the NASDAQ. Some issues listed on exchanges,however, are traded on the NASDAQ.    The 25 securities had an average dollar volume last year of2.4 billion dlrs and made up 18 pct of the dollar volume of allthe securities quoted on the NASD's National Market System.    SEC officials said they would review the pilot program inabout a year. It was intended to spur more competition in thesecurities industry. Reuter&#3;