Britain appeared set for a new cash rowwith its European Community partners as evidence emerged thatit could be much worse off as a result of new proposals toradically alter the way the EC is financed.    Analysis by officials and diplomats of proposals releasedyesterday by the EC's executive Commission showed their fullimpact, were they in force this year, would have left Britainworse off by 545 mln European Currency Units.    The proposals have to be agreed unanimously by membergovernment after a debate expected to open next month.    The Commission said they were necessary to prevent the ECfrom sliding once again into bankruptcy, and has described thecurrent financing system as unfair and unacceptable.    British dissatisfaction with the cost of EC membership haslong been a source of friction, and diplomats said theproposals could well reopen the wound.    This was despite a proposed correction of Britain's budgetcontribution to reflect its inability to take full advantage ofthe EC's farm subsidies system because of the relatively smallsize of its agricultural sector.    Diplomats said although other nations such as Italy,Belgium and the Netherlands were certain to oppose elements inthe system which could also substantially increase their own ECpayments, the main opposition was expected from Britain.    Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has made clear in recentstatements that she is not prepared to abandon the presentsystem, under which Britain is refunded two-thirds of its netpayments to the EC, unless a fairer system is devised.    The diplomats said Thatcher was unlikely to consider theproposed system as fair.    The Commission's proposals would base a state'scontribution on its gross national product, which thecommission says is a fairer measurement reflecting relativewealth.    The main element of the previous system was a share ofvalue added tax collected in member states.    The mechanism to compensate Britain for its inability totake up a higher proportion of EC farm expenditure will have tobe paid for by the other 11 states.    The Commission has also proposed to end repayments to allstates of a service charge paid to them for collecting customsduties on behalf of the EC. REUTER&#3;