Australia faces a major medium termadjustment to reduce debt and improve its economic performance,the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development saidin its latest annual review of the Australian economy.    It said Australia had a current external deficit of 5-3/4pct of gross domestic product, high and rapidly rising externaldebt equal to 30 pct of GDP, growing servicing costs andinflation above nine pct, far higher than that of other OECDcountries.    A major policy change in early 1985 helped lay the basisfor sustained non-inflationary growth and externalcompetitiveness had improved, but economic performance overallhad sharply deteriorated since June 1985.    A major shift of real resources to the external sector --about 4-1/2 pct of GDP by 1990-91 -- was required for theeconomy to expand in line with potential, for employment togrow, and for the debt/GDP ratio to stabilize, it said.    Success depended on the setting of right policies includingtighter fiscal policy, a reduction in the public sectorborrowing requirement and on private sector behaviour.    Looking ahead over the next 18 months, the OECD expectedeconomic performance to improve, partly as a result of tighterfiscal and monetary policy, and a substantial improvement intrade volumes.    It said positive GDP growth of three pct might be restored,the current external deficit could fall to some 4-1/2 pct ofGDP by the first half of next year, while inflation wasprojected to decelerate to around five to 5-1/2 pct bymid-1988.    Continued real wage moderation was essential to maintainthe competitive edge created by the Australian dollar'sdepreciation, and to maintain if not boost profit shares inorder to encourage business investment.    The report urged Australia to broaden its export base bydeveloping viable and competitive service and manufacturingindustries, and not count on a recovery of commodity markets tocorrect its external imbalances.    It added Australia should reduce protection levels inmanufacturing, even though faster trade liberalisation would nodoubt hurt the most protected sectors of industry. REUTER&#3;