Investor Martin T. Sosnoff said he hasraised his offer for Caesars World Inc shares to 32 dlrs eachfrom 28 dlrs and has reduced the number of shares he is seekingto 29.1 mln from all those not already owned.    In a newspaper advertisement, Sosnoff said the bid by hisMTS Acquisition Corp, withdrawal rights and the prorationperiod will now expire June 19 unless extended. The offer hadbeen scheduled to expire May 15. In late March, Sosnoff said hehad received a "negligible" number of shares in response to theoffer, which had been rejected by Caesars as inadequate.    Sosnoff already owns about four mln of Caesars' 30 mlncommon shares now outstanding, or a 13.3 pct interest on aprimary basis.    Last week, Caesars' board approved a recapitalization planas an alternative to the Sosnoff offer under which shareholderswould receive a special dividend of 25 dlrs per share, subjectto approval by shareholders at a special meeting to be held inJune.    The company planned to borrow 200 mln dlrs and sell 800 mlndlrs in debt to finance the payout.    Sosnoff said in the newspaper advertisement that theamended offer is conditioned on receipt of enough shares togive him a majority interest on a fully diluted basis and onthe arrangement of financing, as well as to approvals by NewJersey and Nevada gaming authorities.    He said the tender would be the first step in acquiring allof Caesars' shares and if successful would be followed by amerger transaction.    Sosnoff said later in a statement that the 29.1 mln shareshe is now seeking, together with the 4,217,675 shares he owns,would give him a 92.4 pct interest on a fully diluted basis.    He said he still has received only a "negligible" number ofshares in response to his tender.    In a letter to Caesars' chairman Henry Gluck included inthe statement, Sosnoff said Gluck had again refused, on April8, to meet with him, even though he had said he was willing toincrease the price of his offer.    Sosnoff said the financing for the offer is almost fully inplace.    Sosnoff said PaineWebber Group Inc &lt;PWJ> has now deliveredto him commitments to purchase up to 475 mln dlrs of increasingdividend cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of MTS HoldingCorp, an indirect parent corporation of MTS Acquisition.    He said Marine Midland Banks Inc &lt;MM>, which leads asyndicate that has provided commitments for a 500 mln dlrmargin facility, believes it will be able to arrange forfurther commitments under the margin facility to advance up toan additional 25 mln dlrs that may be needed to permit thepurchase of shares under the offer.    Sosnoff said under the merger that would follow his tender,each of the 2,750,000 Caesars shares not covered by the offer,or 7.6 pct on a fully diluted basis, would be converted intoSeries A preferred stock valued at 32 dlrs per shareby anindependent investment baking firm.    He said "To the extent that fewer than 29,100,000 sdharesare purchased in the offer, the stockholders would receive acombination of cash and Series A preferred stock having a valueof 32 dlrs per share of Caesars."    Sosnoff said he believes terms of his offer are superior toCaesars' recapitalization.    Sosnoff said he will be meeting this week with gamingofficials in Nevada in an effort to expedite the investigatoryprocess required for regulatory approval, a process that italready underway in New Jersey.    He said his offer has been extended based on the likelyduration of the regulatory process.    He said he intends to further extend the offer if theapproval process is not completed by the expiration date. Reuter&#3;