Disagreement over management of &lt;SanMiguel Corp> (SMC) may follow the Philippine government'sappointment of a well-known banker to the SMC board, investmentanalysts said.    They told Reuters the presence of &lt;United Coconut PlantersBank> (UCPB) president Ramon Sy to the board of SMC may meanchanges in SMC management, which for decades was controlled bythe family of its president, Andres Soriano.    Sy was appointed by a government commission that controls51 pct of San Miguel's stock, after another nominee resigned.    The Presidential Commission on Good Government (PCGG) holdssix seats on the 15-member SMC board, which represent 33.13 mlnsequestered shares.    The stocks were seized on suspicion that they were owned byEduardo Cojuangco, then chairman of UCPB and San Miguel. He wasa close associate of deposed president Ferdinand Marcos, and heleft the country after Marcos's fall.    Before the seizure, Soriano led a 3.3 billion peso bid forthe shares, paying UCPB a 500 mln peso deposit.    The bid valued the shares at about 100 pesos. They tradedat 93 pesos today, down from 95.50 at Friday's close.    Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin told reporters on Saturdaythat Sy would definitely sit on the SMC board despite theobjections of some directors associated with Soriano.    "I don't think there is a conflict of interest as such," hesaid.    "I was potentially concerned with seeing a situation whereyou have a contentious atmosphere on the board. But Sy hasassured (the government) that he does not intend to behave in acontentious manner," Ongpin added.    The Soriano group cited conflict of interest in opposingSy's directorship. Its lawyer said in a letter to the PCGG thata pending suit seeking forfeiture of SMC's 500 mln peso depositand major undisclosed damages against the brewery represented aclear conflict.    UCPB, however, sought board representation before Sy'sappointment, petitioning the PCGG "so that the interests of theowners of the 33 mln shares would be adequately protected."    Investment analysts polled by Reuters said the UCPB had aright to a slot on the SMC board as trustee for coconut farmerswho claim ownership of the disputed shares.    The analysts said Sy, backed by the government, wouldprobably suggest replacements for PCGG nominees expected toresign soon in keeping with a new law prohibiting governmentofficials from working for private companies. SMC's annualelection is scheduled for May.    A UCPB spokesman declined to comment, saying it was up tothe PCGG to decide whom to appoint.    One analyst said objections were understandable from thefamily that founded the company 97 years ago.    "It is a natural instinct of self-preservation for Soriano,"he said.    SMC posted a net income of 448.8 mln pesos in 1985 on netsales of 10.99 billion pesos against 422.3 mln in 1984 on salesof 10.36 billion. REUTER&#3;