European Community (EC) agricultureministers meet later today to consider a package of deep cutsin prices and subsidies after a week marked by strong protestsby European farmers, Community officials said.    The common target for the farmers' wrath is the EC'sBrussels Commission, which for the fourth year running hascalled for radical changes in the price support system.    EC Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen says huge foodsurpluses, which have alienated international trade partnersand pushed the Community to the edge of bankruptcy, demand suchaction.    With Community warehouses stocked with some 16 mln tonnesof unwanted cereals, over one mln tonnes of butter and hugestocks of wine and olive oil, Andriessen says bluntly the daysof open-ended price guarantees must end.    EC agriculture ministers try to fix the guaranteed pricespaid to Community farmers before an April 1 deadline for thenew marketing year, an increasingly difficult task as ECmembers cut funds and demand greater budget discipline.    Andriessen has proposed a freeze for most prices, coupledwith reductions in other support mechanisms, which could leadto price cuts of as much as eight pct for some products.    A producer's right to sell into EC warehouses at a fixedguaranteed price when he finds no real market outlet is to bescaled back so it applies only in exceptional cases.    The latest proposals are designed to keep expenditure onagriculture virtually stable. EC farm policies now swallowtwo-thirds of an annual budget of about 36 billion Europeancurrency units (Ecu) and are mainly responsible for an expectedshortfall this year of about five billion Ecus.    The most contentious aspects of the package are a new oilsand fats tax and a change in the "green" exchange rate system,which translates EC farm prices into national currencies.    The tax, of up to 330 Ecus per tonne, would be levied onimported and domestically produced oilseeds, but could triggera fresh trade dispute with the United States, which providesthe EC with the bulk of its soybeans.    It would increase the cost of margarines and low-fatproducts in an attempt to increase both olive oil and butterconsumption.    West Germany has flatly rejected green rate changes, whichwould cause a fall in prices for producers as countries withweak and strong currencies were brought more into line. REUTER&#3;