Bally Manufacturing Corp's proposedpublic offering of 24 pct of its Health and Tennis Corp unit isseen as the first step towards the sale of the entire unit,analysts said.    "In the longer-term horizon, Bally wants to concentrate onits gaming businesses," said analyst Dennis Forst of SeidlerAmdec Securities Inc.    Last week, Bally said it was considering the sale ofanother non-casino unit, its Six Flags amusement park unit,which analysts said could fetch about 300 mln dlrs.    Bally spokesman Bill Peltier said "the company currentlyhas no hard plans to the sell any more of the health clubcompany, but in the long term we'll wait and see how theoffering goes."    Once Bally's biggest revenue producer, the health club unithad 1986 operating income of 60 mln dlrs on revenues of 456.2mln dlrs, 28 pct of Bally's revenues. Analysts estimate theunit could be sold for for 300-500 mln dlrs.    Analysts said Bally's decision to offer shares in the unitcould be the first step to selling it.    "It would seem obvious that an offering would decrease thehealth club unit's debt, increase its cash flow and operatingincome, making it an attractive buy to a third party," StevenEisenberg of Bear Stearns said.    On Monday, Bally said it filed with the Securities andExchange Commission for an initial offering of 24 pct, or 5.8mln shares, of the unit's common stock at 13-15 dlrs a share.   About half the proceeds, 40 mln dlrs, will be used to reduceparent Bally Manufacturing's debt which has swelled to 1.6billion dlrs due to recent hotel acquisitions and the purchaseof shares from Donald Trump who had threatened a hostiletakeover, according to Bally treasurer Paul Johnson.    Remaining proceeds from the stock offering and from aseparate offering of 50 mln dlrs of 20-year convertiblesubordinated debt would be used to repay about 75 mln dlrs ofshort term senior bank debt of the health chain unit, a Ballyspokesperson said.    Analysts said Bally's health club unit's profits haveremained strong, but are skeptical about the industry's longrange prospects.    "The fitness club industry, over the last 10 years, hasgrown tremendously, but the question is whether its a fad or apermanent part of our lifestyle," said Eisenberg of BearStearns.    Analysts said fitness clubs will likely flourish if thepublic stays at its peak of health consciousness, but thatovercapacity is likely to occur as consumer enthusiasm wanes.     In addition, "the returns in the fitness club industry arejust not as high as they are in the gaming industry," said oneanalyst.     There are about 6,500 fitness clubs in the U.S., excludingclubs run by not-for-profit organizations, according to theAssociation of Physical Fitness Centers who estimates it to bean 8.0-billion-dlr-a-year industry.     Asked if anyone has offered to buy the unit, which is thenation's largest health club chain, Peltier said, "no one hasthe money to offer to buy it."    "The fitness industry is a fragmented industry with noleader and there is a great opportunity for growth throughacquisition and then standardization," said Wayne LaChapelle,chief financial officer of Livingwell INc &lt;WELL>, the nation'ssecond largest fitness chain operator whih    LaChapelle said Livingwell is always interested inacquisition opportunities but "could not afford an acquisitionthe size of Bally at this time." Reuter&#3;