Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin hasconfirmed the Philippines agreed to make token prepayments ofprincipal to foreign banks as part of a 10.3 billion dlr debtrestructuring package.    A Reuters report from New York yesterday quoted bankers assaying Manila will pay 111 mln dlrs over 1987, 1988 and 1989.    But Ogpin denied Manila was playing down the prepaymentaspect of the restructuring.    "They are public documents and there is nothing secret aboutit," he told Reuters.    The debt accord, announced last Friday, stretchedrepayments of 10.3 billion dlrs over a 17-year period with aseven and a half year grace period and an interest rate marginof 7/8 percentage points over Eurodollar rates.    Ongpin said the prepayments were part of "seven differentscenarios" Philippine negotiators prepared before the talks.    "It was one of the many options we offered the banks inorder to win an attractive pricing," he said.    The prepayments were on a 925 mln dlr nine-year loan signedin 1985, which carried a four-year grace period. Principalrepayments were not due until 1990.    Ongpin said the prepayments would hardly affect thePhilippines' balance of payments position.    "There is no problem in financing it -- the prepaymentsconstitute about 1.5 pct of current international reserves of2.5 billion dlrs," he said.    "We do plan to cover the costs by selling PhilippineInvestment Notes (PINs) worth about 150 mln dlrs a year."    PINs are negotiable, foreign-currency denominatedinstruments that will be offered to creditor banks and aredesigned for conversion into pesos to fund government-approvedequity investments within the Philippines.    Ongpin said Manila would have to repay about 200 mln dlrs ayear when amortisations on the 925 mln dlr loan came up.    He said the 12-bank advisory committee sent telexes of theaccord to the country's 483 creditor banks and he expecteddocumentation and agreement from all of them by July.    Foreign bankers here said the pact gave Manila the largestinterest rate cut among major debtor nations.    They said Mexico's new debt package last October marked a1/16 point drop from its 1985 debt agreement, while Manila'snew pact slashed its 1985 agreement by up to 3/4 percentagepoints.    Venezuela's new margin last month was only a 1/4 point dropfrom the rate agreed in a rescheduling accord in 1986, thebankers said.    "Add to this the fact that Manila has frozen principalrepayents since 1983, while Venezuela has amortised six billiondlrs in foreign debt since 1984 and will have paid back morethan eight billion dlrs by the end of this year," one added.    Ongpin said Manila's 7/8 margin meant the Philippines wouldpay about 100 mln dlrs a year in interest when its grace periodended. REUTER&#3;