British Petroleum Plc's plan to pay7.4 billion dlrs for less than half of Standard Oil Co hassignalled higher values in the U.S. oil patch, analysts said.    "I think that BP's bid is a very strong affirmation andclear signal that they have confidence in the U.S., and theythink the barrel of oil in the ground is going to go higher,"said Sanford Margoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.    BP earlier today said its U.S. unit planned to tender at 70dlrs per share for the 45 pct of Standard it does not alreadyown.    "It's a 7.4 billion dlr price that (shows) OPEC has won thewar and oil prices are not going to crack," said Prescott, Balland Turben analyst Bruce Lazier.    "Behind that is a huge implication for the rest of theenergy issues out there in the stock market, particularly thosethat are acquisition targets," Lazier said.    One of those mentioned by Lazier was USX Corp, anenergy-steel concern which had been courted by investor CarlIcahn and drew the attention of Australian Robert Holmes aCourt last year. Rumors continue to swirl around its stock.    Margoshes said he does not foresee major U.S. oil firmsfalling into takeover situations for several years, with theexception of possibly Amerada Hess Corp &lt;AHC>. He said most ofthe majors found partners in the last round of matchmakingwhich ended two years ago, and others restructured to the pointthat they have become unattractive.    U.S. oil stocks rallied in response to the offer. ExxonCorp &lt;XON> rose 1-1/8 to 88-1/2. Chevron Corp &lt;CHV> jumped1-1/8 to 58-7/8, and Texaco &lt;TX> climbed 1/4 to 37-3/4. UnocalCorp &lt;UCL> rose 1-3/4, while Occidental Petroleum Corp &lt;OXY>climbed 1-1/8 to 34-3/4. Amoco Corp &lt;AN> rose 1-3/8 to 83-3/4.    Standard Oil's stock was up 6-1/4 in heavy trading to71-1/8. Earlier in the session it had been at a high of 72-1/4.Wall Street has speculated British Petroleum may boost itsoffer by several dlrs per share, but the company maintained itwould not raise the 70 dlr bid.    British Petroleum stock rose 2-1/4 to 59-5/8.    Analysts said the fact British Petroleum made such a bid inthe first place indicates that the British oil giant haschanged its outlook for the oil industry.    Analysts said last year British Petroleum held one of themore bearish positions on oil prices.    "They said the real price of oil would stay at 15 dlrs (abarrel) for several years, and I think they beat a hastyretreat from that point of view," Margoshes said.    "They are more appropriately today looking moreoptimistically. I believe they are looking at 18 dlrs(long-term)...also in their heart of hearts they believe thatwill be exceeded," Margoshes said.    The U.S. benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate wastrading today around 18.60 dlrs per barrel.    Analysts said British Petroleum might have been able to buyup the rest of Standard Oil for about 50 dlrs per share whenoil prices were falling last year.    They said Standard Oil's brightest asset is its slightlymore than 50 pct ownership of the Alaskan Prudhoe Bay oilfield. Analysts also said the company has other interests inthe Alaskan North Slope.    Analysts said the Standard investment is extremelyattractive to BP because the U.S. is the largest oil market andhas hard-to-replace reserves.    "I think it just fits in with their long-range plans toincrease their position in the U.S. market," Dean Witteranalyst Eugene Nowak said.    Analysts said it also raises BP's visibility ahead of theBritish government's announced disposal of 31.7 pct of BPstock. The U.K. government said it would dispose of the holdingsometime in the year beginning April one.    After acquiring all of Standard, most of BP's reserveswould be in the U.S., but only about six pct of its stock isheld in the U.S.    "The only way they can sell all that stock is to move itinto the United States. No other market can handle all thatstock," said L.F. rothschild analyst Rosario Ilacqua.    In 1986, Standard Oil had net losses of 345 mln dlrs onrevenues of 10.02 billion dlrs, compared to a profit the yearearlier of 308 mln dlrs on revenues of 13.82 billion dlrs.     Reuter&#3;