Security Pacific Corp said it intendsto add 500 mln dlrs to its provision for credit losses duringthe second quarter, a move that will result in a loss for theperiod of about 175 mln dlrs.    The company added, however, that it now expects to post aprofit for the full year of about 150 mln dlrs.    Security Pacific said the reserve is specifically relatedto its loans to the developing world.    Security Pacific, which has assets of about 64 billiondlrs, reported 1986 net income of 385.9 mln dlrs. Last year itposted second quarter net income of 93.5 mln.    In making the announcement, Security Pacific said the extra500 mln dlrs will raise its reserve for credit losses to about1.3 billion dlrs, or 2.8 pct of total loans and leasesoutstanding.    It said the amount of reserves allocated to LesserDeveloped Country (LDC) debt represents about one-third of thecompany's total LDC debt portfolio.    A spokesman said the company currently has LDC debtexposure of about 1.8 billion dlrs. The company's total loanportfolio at March 31 stood at 44.4 billion dlrs.    The Security Pacific move follows similar provisions byseveral other money center banks.    Last month Citicorp &lt;CCI> led the move by annoucing a threebillion dlr addition to its reserve to help bolster itsprotection against uncertainties in the economic world.    Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB> followed with a 1.6 billion dlraddition to its credit loss reserve.    "While our LDC debt exposure is relatively small, we thinkthat the LDC debt environment has been altered significantlygiven the recent actions of other major financialinstitutions," Security Pacific chairman Richard Flamson saidin a statement.    Following its 500 mln dlr addition to the credit lossreserve, its primary capital ratio at the end of the secondquarter will be about 7.4 pct, Security Pacific said.    The company further stated that it anticipates continuingits current dividend payment at an annual rate of 1.80 dlrs pershare.    The company also stressed that it is not writing off loansto the developing world but rather, adding to its reserves willallow greater flexibility when dealing with these credits inthe future.    Security Pacific also said it intends to play a continuingrole in meeting the needs of those countries.    Security Pacific is the nation's sixth largest bank holdingcompany. Reuter&#3;