Top executives with Tenneco Corp &lt;TGT>and Sabine Corp &lt;SAB> said they expected world oil prices togradually increase over the next two years as U.S. reliance onimports of oil from the Middle East grows.     "I believe we have bottomed out and can look forward to atrend of gradually increasing prices," C.W. Nance, president ofTenneco Oil Exploration and Production, told a meeting of thePetroleum Equipment Suppliers Association.     Nance predicted that by 1990, the Organization ofProducing and Exporting Countries would be producing at therate of 80 pct of capacity.    The gain will come largely through increased imports to theUnited States, he said.    "They will be able to raise the price again but I do notthink they will raise it as much as they did in 1979," Nancesaid. He did not say how much of a price hike he expected.     Andrew Shoup, chairman of Dallas-based Sabine, predictedthat world oil prices would increase from a range of 15 to 20dlrs a barrel in 1987 to a range of 17 to 22 dlrs a barrel in1988. Natural gas prices, Shoup said, should similarly climbfrom a range of 1.30 to 1.70 dlrs per mcf this year to between1.50 and 1.90 dlrs per mcf in 1988.     "Fuel switching could help us as much as five pct inincreased demand," Shoup said, referring to the gas industry'soutlook for 1987. Repeal of the Fuel Use Act, a federal lawprohibiting the use of natural gas in new manufacturing plantsand utilities, could increase demand for gas by as much as 15pct, he said.     Tenneco's Nance also said that some U.S. cities mayexperience peak day shortages in natural gas supplies nextwinter because of the industry's reduced deliverability.     Tenneco's gas deliverability, for example, dropped by 20pct during 1986, he said.     "This does not mean the gas bubble is gone," Nance said."We believe gas prices have bottomed out. The real question ishow broad the valley is -- is it one year, two years or threeyears before we start to climb out?"      J.C. Walter of &lt;Walter Oil and Gas Corp>, said the recentimprovement in oil prices was not enough for independentproducers to begin new onshore drilling projects.     "If crude oil stays below 20 dlrs a barrel and 1.50 dlrper mcf for natural gas prevails, the prospects for onshoreexploration at deeper depths in the Texas Gulf Coast byindependents in the 1990s are pretty dismal," Walter said.     He suggested that some independents may instead turn toexploration in shallow federal offshore leases. Farm-outagreements, cheap rig rates and less competition have heldfinding costs in those areas to five or six dlrs a barrel,Walter said. Reuter&#3;