China's economic reforms will takedecades to fulfill and will outlast the life of any leaderbecause they are the only way to save the country from poverty,an economist in one of the country's top think tanks toldReuters.    But He Weiling, Washington representative of the ChinaEconomic System Reform Institute, said China's economic reformsdefinitely are not at risk from the nationwide drive sinceJanuary against "bourgeois liberalism," a phrase meaning Westernpolitical ideas.    He said "bourgeois liberalism" is not affecting departmentsdealing with economics.    His is one of a small number of key institutes, set up inthe early 1980s, which formulate economic reform policies andadvise the top leadership on them.    Discussing subjects raised in the budget speech last week,which put the 1986 and 1987 deficits at more than 15 billionyuan because of excessive consumer demand and capitalconstruction plus falling efficiency in state firms, He saidreform of state firms and the financial system is the key goalfor 1987.    "The most difficult thing is to strike the balance betweenmaking them independent units and the need for central control,"He said.    "We are exploring ways of doing this, through joint stockownership, leasing, factory management responsibility systemsor in other ways," he added.    One of the most serious problems facing China's leaders ishow to curb excess investment in capital construction,especially in projects outside the state plan.    He said this problem is chronic in all socialist economies.    This is because firms are judged on output, notprofitability or efficiency.    "Firms use every excuse to get money and materials. They saythey want money to build offices but in fact use it to buildapartments, which is unauthorised," He said.    "Also, it is not good to report profits, which would meanhigher tax payments. It is better to report a loss," he added.    He said China's state firms are continuing a 5,000-year-oldtradition when they under-report their assets in order toreduce claims on them by higher authority.    He said China will have to improve auditing, economicregulations and the tax system, which he described as "chaotic,"especially at the lower levels, in order to deal withunder-reporting.    "Another important step is to further develop the moneymarkets to give firms an opportunity to invest. They needchannels for this which they do not have now. Without this,there will be no genuine supply and demand for money," he said.    As a reform to encourage efficiency, China now suppliesstate firms with loans instead of grants as in the past.    But He said the reforms have not resulted in much realchange because the loans carry low-interest. "So some efficientfirms have not been able to get money from banks."    Price reform has been one of the most sensitive aspects ofthe reform programme. Widespread discontent over price risesforced the government to promise in January that there will beno major increases in 1987.    He said the price of steel, timber and cement and otherindustrial raw materials only will "rise gradually" this year.    Large-scale price adjustments would have an adversepsychological impact and create social discontent.    "We must preserve unity and popular support," he said, but"sometimes, the common people must make a sacrifice, like thoseof Germany and Japan after 1945."    He said restrictions on a wide range of prices, includingmost farm and light industrial products, have been lifted andmany intermediate pricing schemes scrapped over the last eightyears.    "It will take at least 15 to 20 years to complete anoverhaul of the price system. We must move carefully. We haveno model to work from and have only ourselves to rely on," Hesaid.    He said the greatest fear expressed by foreigners is thatreform and open-door policies will not survive the death ofcertain elderly leaders.    He did not name top leader Deng Xiaoping, 82, the chiefarchitect of both policies since 1979.    "These fears are unfounded. The two policies have alreadybecome the basic national policy of China. The reforms areirreversible. China is one of the poorest 25 countries in theworld. Without the reforms, how are we to escape from thispoverty?" REUTER&#3;