Less than two months after FirstInterstate Bancorp withdrew its bold attempt to buy BankAmericaCorp, Chairman Joseph Pinola is still looking for a good buy,but he is also looking at ways to avoid being bought.    In a wide-ranging interview, Pinola said he's looking forways to improve profitability and capital between now and 1991,"so as to resist any potential look at us...to maintain ourindependence, if possible."    In 1991 federal regulatory changes will allow the majorEast Coast banks to buy banks in California.    First Interstate, the fourth largest California bank, andthe nineth largest nationwide, owns 24 banks in 12 westernstates and has franchise operations in four additional states.    Bank industry sources say it is an attractive target forlarge U.S. or foreign banks, looking to quickly move into the lucrative California market and the West Coast region.    While declining specifics on his corporate strategy, whenasked if acquisitions will be part of the plan, Pinola replied,"That's undoubtedly a fair statement...it would be almost naivenot to think that."    Pinola characterized his acquisition strategy as"opportunistic".    He said he will look for banks in management trouble thathe can get at a bargain, then add management to restoreprofitability, or for banks in states where First Interstatealready operates, then cut costs by combining resources.    The exception, he said, would be Texas, where he said mostof the banks are already well managed, but might be purchasedat a discount because of the depressed regional economy.    Pinola declined comment on what circumstances might movehim to rekindle his bid for BankAmerica, saying only, "Wecontinue to monitor and look at a lot of things and a lot ofpeople continue to monitor and look at us."    Banking analysts, however, consider another FirstInterstate bid at BankAmerica a long shot, not likely to happenany time soon.    Pinola called his decision last month to withdraw his 3.25billion dlr bid at the nation's second largest bank, "a very,very difficult decision."    With that decision made, however, he acknowledged FirstInterstate may now have a difficult time keeping its numberfour position in the California banking community.    "The competition in this state is tough," he said, notingCityBank's recent purchase of 50 financial service branchesfrom Sears Roebuck company. "CityBank is moving rapidly to moveus down to fifth and Wells Fargo down to fourth," he said.    Outside California, Pinola acknowledged that SecurityPacific Corp, with its recent acquisitions in Arizona,Washington and Oregon, is quickly becoming a regionalcompetitor in areas where First Interstate has long dominated.    "Security is, has been and continues to be a highlyprofitable and obviously well managed company," he said.    He added, however, First Interstate, at the moment, has theadvantages of having owned and managed regional banks longerand has the recognition advantage of having given its regionalbanks a common name.    Pinola said while its coastal state banks are in goodfinancial condition, First Interstate continues to sustainserious loan losses in its Rocky Mountain states, where energy,real estate and agriculture dominate the economy.    Asked if he thought loan losses in those areas had peaked,he said, "I don't think it has bottomed out, because I thinkmost of the problems are real estate-related and the realestate problems are going to be with us for several years."    Pinola said another failing economic sector, agriculture inthe Midwest, has slowed expansion of First Interstate'sfranchise operation.    First Interstate has 42 franchise banks that offer FirstInterstate financial services in ten states.    While a year ago he was considering taking his franchiseoperation east of the Mississippi River, Pinola said becausemost of the franchise banks are now in the West, expansion intothe Midwest must come first.    Calling the franchise system, "moderately profitable,"Pinola said, "It is going to take a rejuvenation of theagriculture sector for us to commence franchising at the speedwe were generating before the last year or two."    On the banking industry in general, Pinola said he thinks1987 will be another bad year for loan losses, with only bankswith minimal holdings in real estate able to improve profits. Reuter&#3;