U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz saidthe 6,000 billion yen economic package announced by Tokyo lastweek went further than the U.S. Had expected.    But he said the U.S. Would not lift the selective economicsanctions it imposed on Japanese imports in April until Tokyochanged its sales policies concerning computer microchips.    Speaking in a televised news conference linking severalEuropean capitals, Shultz said it was heartening that theJapanese had confronted the problem of stimulating domestic andglobal demand.    "There is an even greater amount of stimulus than wasoriginally thought," said Shultz, speaking from Washington.    "It is a lot more than nothing. It is more than was talkedabout when (Prime Minister Yasuhiro) Nakasone was here.    "It involves a major reduction in tax rates and we believethat getting the tax burden down is one way of stimulating theeconomy," he added.    But asked by Japanese reporters, also linked into the newsconference, whether the positive reaction meant the U.S. Mightdecide at next week's Venice summit to lift its sanctions onsome Japanese electronic goods, Shultz replied:    "These sanctions were undertaken on the basis of anagreement that had been reached between the United States andJapan on various sale practices and prices relating to the chipmarket.    "They will be lifted as the facts of change by Japan to theagreement that it made become evident."    He said U.S. Officials had only been able to monitor thesituation for a month and that it was impossible to determine atrend on only one month's data.    The U.S. Imposed 100 pct import duties on personalcomputers, colour televisions and power tools, alleging thatJapan had violated last September's bilateral agreement byselling computer chips at below fair market value.    Shultz said West Germany and other nations would also dowell to look at what they could do to stimulate demand.    Asked whether the U.S. Could reasonably ask its allies totake action to stimulate the world economy without a boldAmerican initiative to reduce the size of the federal budgetdeficit, Shultz said moves were already underway to tackle theproblem.    He said by the end of the current fiscal year the deficitwould probably be reduced by around 35 billion dlrs againstlast year, and that the budget being worked on this year wouldcontain a major reduction. REUTER&#3;