Australian markets are booming as foreignfund managers redirect capital away from the United States andother traditional markets, analysts said.    High short-term interest rates, a bullish stock market andan increasingly stable currency reflect a massive inflow offresh funds in the last two months, largely from Japanese andU.S. Investors, analysts polled by Reuters said.    Fund managers want quality markets to park their cash inand have settled on Australia, Britain and Canada as theydiversify from volatile U.S. Dollar instruments, they said.    A one percentage point fall in key 10-year bonds rates inthe past month, record share prices and a 10-month high for thecurrency of 0.71 U.S. Dlrs all illustrated the inflow.    Official figures on the latest inflow of investment capitalare not available, but brokers said they received almost dailyinquiries from Japan and the United States.    "These people have got trillions of dollars sloshing aboutand they don't know what to do with it. Some of that is endingup here with the attraction of high interest rates andreasonable currency stability," National Australia Bank Ltdeconomist Brian Hamley said.    "There is a 'flight to quality'," Hamley said. "Australia maynot be in the best (economic) position, but there aren't toomany other countries where you'd want to put your money."    The stronger Australian dollar was also attractinginvestors taking advantage of an appreciating currency againstthe volatility of the U.S. Unit, analysts said.    "We're looking a more favoured market than perhaps the U.S.Where some people would be concerned about the value of theU.S. Dollar," Lloyds Bank NZA Ltd chief economist Will Buttrosesaid. "Why not put the money in Australia where entry is cheapand the currency looks stable?"    But turning that capital into more permanent productiveinvestment depends on government economic policy, he said.    "It will only disappear if people lose confidence in thedirection in the economy," Buttrose said, adding that offshoreinvestors would carefully watch the government's promised tougheconomic statement on May 14.    While happy to invest in bonds and other vehicles yieldinginterest unobtainable elsewhere, fund managers could just aseasily reverse the flow -- particularly the Japanese, who werebadly hurt in the past by rapid falls in the Australian dollarand hefty jumps in bond rates, analysts said.    "It will remain very edgy money. If something was not to bedelivered, if the statement wasn't considered tough enough, onemight see a substantial outflow," Buttrose said.    Offshore investors are eager to see Australia take tougheconomic decisions to curb its 100 billion dlr foreign debt andstubborn current account deficit, analysts said.    "They are giving us the benefit of the doubt and I thinkthey would like to leave the money here," Buttrose said.    Reserve Bank policy has also reflected the increasedinterest in investment in Australia and the need to shieldJapanese investors from rapid currency fluctuations.    Reserve Governor Bob Johnston last week acknowledged anelement of targeting the rate against the yen in currencypolicy when he said authorities could not take their "eyes offthe yen" because of the crucial role of Japanese investors.    Analysts said they believed the Reserve Bank had workedsuccessfully in recent months to keep the Australian dollarwithin the range of 100 to 103 yen.    Apart from its recovery against a weak U.S. Dollar, theAustralian dollar has also risen almost three pct on atrade-weighted basis in the last three weeks.    Offshore buying has also played a role in the boomingAustralian share market. It has followed Wall Street and othermarkets, but is also setting its own trend in response to theweight of both domestic and offshore funds pouring intoequities, particularly in the gold sector.    The key all ordinaries index rose to a record 1,758.3today, nearly 20 pct above its level at the end of 1986, whilethe gold index has nearly doubled to a record 3,081.0 in thesame period.    The property sector is also sought after, with Japanesecompanies that have invested heavily in the United States inrecent years turning their attention to undervalued realestate, particularly in the tourism field.    Analysts pointed to the recent sale of Sydney's five-starRegent Hotel to Japanese interests for more than 145 mln dlrsas indicative of the type of property being sought.    "They think they find good value real estate here which,with long term and fixed capital investment, is the kind ofinvestment Australia needs," Buttrose added. REUTER&#3;