The depressed offshore oil industry isstill waiting for a turnaround despite increasing optimisimthat world oil prices have stabilized around 18 dlrs a barrel.     "The perception of a turnaround comes from the change inprices," Charles Siess Jr, vice chairman of MarathonManufacturing Co, a subsidiary of USX Corp &lt;X>, and chairman ofthe National Ocean Industries Association, said in a pressbriefing at the Offshore Technology Conference.     "From the level of industry activity, there is noturnaround," he added.     John Huff, president of Oceaneering International Inc&lt;OCER>, was slightly more optimistic. "We are through the lowpart of the cycle -- there's an increase in interest forprojects," he said, adding, "whether it comes to orders, whoknows?"     The oil industry is recovering from last year's dramaticfall in oil prices, from 30 dlrs a barrel in late 1985 to under10 dlrs in mid-1986. Particularly hard hit were the servicecompanies that provide the oil rigs with keys products, such aspipe and tools.     Earlier in the week, Secretary the Interior Donald Hodelannounced -- at the Conference -- the government's newfive-year offshore oil and gas leasing program, proposing 38sales, including tracts in the Gulf Coast, offshore Californiaand in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska.     For the most part, the industry was disappointed with theplan, with most arguing that additional areas should have beenincluded. At the same time, most were supportive of Hodel.     Environmental concerns, particularly in California, hadlobbied strenuously against offshore oil development.     "The (Outer Continental Shelf) leasing program fails totake into account the environmental performance of the oilindustry," said Bill Bradford, executive vice president ofDresser Industries &lt;DI> and president of the PetroleumEquipment Suppliers Association.     Huff quoted National Academy of Science figures showingoffshore rigs contributed only two pct of petroleum pollutionin the oceans, while tankers were responsible for 47 pct andmuniciple dumping 31 pct.     "The OCS is the keystone of the domestic reservedevelopment program," said Siess, adding that with oil importsrising to 50 pct of U.S. oil consumption, the issue was one ofnational security.     Looking ahead, Constantine S. Nicandros, president ofDupont's &lt;DD> Conoco Inc subsidiary, said, "We are more likelyto see a five pct increase in spending this year than thewidely-forecast five pct decrease."     Other optimistic signs include the recent sale in NewOrleans of offshore tracts in the Gulf of Mexico which raised290 mln dlrs against an expected 90 mln.     However, Ronald Tappmeyer, vice chairman of Reading andBates Drilling Co &lt;RB>, said the oversupply of rigs wouldcontinue for the near-term, but added demand fortechnologically advanced rigs would increase in the 1990s.     Much of that demand is seen coming from the move intoicreasingly deeper waters, with the projects becoming ever moreexpensive and needing five to ten years to develop.     Over 50 pct of the sales in New Orleans were for deepwater tracts.     Ronald L. Geer, a consultant with Shell Oil Co, asubsidiary of Royal Dutch/Shell &lt;RD>, and president of theMarine Technology Society, said the technology existed to drillexploratory wells in up to 10,000 feet of water.     Geer said the industry was particularly interested in theGreen Canyon field offshore Louisiana where a number ofcompanies, including Shell, Conoco, USX Corp's Marathon Oil Co,Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD> and Placid Oil Co, are working, many ofthem testing new deep-water technologies involving floatingplatforms. Reuter&#3;