&lt;San Miguel Corp>, SMC, and &lt;UnitedCoconut Planters Bank>, UCPB, have reached a compromise on adisputed block of 38.1 mln shares of SMC, the head of agovernment panel that controls the sequestered shares said.    Ramon Diaz, Chairman of the Presidential Commission on GoodGovernment (PCGG) told Reuters SMC had offered a price of 126pesos per share for the block, held in trust by the UCPB.    "It looks good," Diaz said. But he added several issues,including the identity of the ultimate buyers of the shares,had to be resolved before the PCGG gave its approval to thesale.    The PCGG's sequestration last year of 33 mln shares abortedSMC's bid to buy them back from 14 trading companies in theUCPB group. The commission said it suspected the shares wereactually controlled by Eduardo Cojuangco, an associate offormer President Ferdinand Marcos.    Cojuango, who headed the boards of both SMC and UCPB whenhe fled last year after Marcos was toppled, personally owned 24mln shares in SMC. His holdings are also under sequestration.    "The shares that SMC now proposes to buy from the UCPB areowned by 1.4 mln coconut farmers," Diaz said. "Naturally we donot want them to go back into the hands of Marcos cronies."    PCGG sources said a compromise would end a row over a downpayment of 500 mln pesos made by SMC's Hong Kong subsidiaryNeptunia Corp Ltd in a bid to buy back the shares last year.    The UCPB had said the 500 mln peso payment would beforfeited because SMC Chairman Andres Soriano III had failed tofulfil his commitment to buy back the shares at an originallynegotiated price of 3.3 billion pesos.    PCGG sources said SMC, the Philippines' largest food andbeverage manufacturer, has agreed to sell 14 mln "B" class sharesfrom the 38.1 mln shares to Australian brewer Alan Bond at aprice of 150 pesos per share.    The PCGG sources said of the proposed 4.79 billion pesotransaction, 1.6 billion pesos would be offset against the 500mln peso down payment, the 500 mln pesos worth of preferredshares in UCPB held by SMC, 210 mln pesos in uncollecteddividends on the UCPB shares and 400 mln pesos advanced toUCPB-controlled trading companies.    The UCPB rejected an original offer of 100 pesos per sharemade by SMC for 33 mln shares, which grew to 38 mln after a 15pct stock dividend declared in June last year.    A spokesman for SMC said the company's 15-member board mettoday to discuss the proposed compromise.    The spokesman declined comment on the outcome of the boardmeeting, saying the dispute was under arbitration.    President Corazon Aquino last month asked SMC and UCPB toset up a three-man arbitration panel to resolve the ownershipissue. The panel is due to submit its report by April 15.    Eduardo de Los Angeles, a government nominee in the SMCboard, filed a formal complaint before the Securities andExchange Commission last week, accusing Soriano and eight otherdirectors of violating "fiduciary duty."    De Los Angeles was said to have opposed a decision by SMC'sboard last December to assume the 500 mln peso Neptunia loan. REUTER&#3;