Canada's sweeping tax reform package,announced today, is an important step towards a fairer system,but is not as bold a revamp of the tax structure as some hadexpected, economists and business leaders said.    "It's the biggest step towards tax reform we've taken in agreat many years," Merrill Lynch Canada Inc chief economistMichael Manford told Reuters.    "But the system is the same old system with a lot ofimportant changes, as opposed to a brand new system," he added.(See spotlight index page on ECRA)    Manford said changes introduced by Finance Minister MichaelWilson did not go far enough in simplifying the federal taxsystem. They represent evolutionary rather than revolutionaryreform.    "Overall, I thought that it was a more timid step than wewere led to believe," he said.    Wilson's move to increase money collected from corporationswhile cutting individual taxes "is probably an acceptable shift,"said Bill James, president of Falconbridge Ltd, aninternational mining company.    Wilson spread corporate tax increases fairly evenly acrossthe corporate sector, James said. "So it's not going to hitanyone too hard and we will remain competitive."    Wilson said in his speech to the House of Commons thatCanada's tax system needed to be changed to compete withsweeping reforms in the United States last year.    "The critical thing on the corporate side is that Wilsonmoved most of the taxes much closer to the U.S. System," Manfordsaid.    The federal government increased taxes paid by corporationsby about five billion dlrs over the next five years, butlowered personal taxes by 11 billion dlrs in the same period.    Despite collecting more corporate taxes, Wilson was able tolower the tax rate on individual companies by removing manyspecial tax exemptions and broadening the tax base.    Wilson's plan also reduced the capital cost allowance, usedby companies to write off major investments, which somebusiness spokesmen said will hurt business in the long run.    "That will affect some investment decisions negatively," saidLaurent Thiebeault, Canadian Manufacturers Associationpresident.    Tax analysts said for some industries it will take severaldays to assess the impact of the capital cost allowancereductions that will be made over a number of years.    As anticipated, Canada's opposition parties signalled theyintend to fight the new tax measures as they are introduced inParliament over the next few months.    "It's not tax reform, it's a tax grab," said Liberal leaderJohn Turner.    Turner labelled changes to the federal sales tax "a moneymachine for the minister of finance."    Wilson broadened the federal sales tax to includeadditional products and also promised to introduce abroad-based, multi-staged sales tax.    "It's not at all a fair package and Canadians are going tosee that very quickly," New Democratic Party leader Ed Broadbentsaid.    However, economist Manford said Wilson acted wisely toprotect lower income Canadians by providing tax credits thatwill cut 850,000 people from the tax rolls. REUTER&#3;