International Rubber Organisation(INRO) buffer stock manager Aldo Hofmeister said tests hadshown the quality of rubber in stock was acceptable, butacknowledged that some consumers were now wary of buying it.    "We have said all along that the rubber is holding up wellfrom a condition and quality standpoint...Rubber stored inproper conditions does not deteriorate," he told Reuters in atelephone interview. The quality of buffer stock rubber soldsince he entered the market in September would be discussed atan INRO Council meeting which opened here today, he said.    Tokyo traders said on Friday they had little interest inbuying rubber from the INRO buffer stock because of possiblepoor quality.    Hofmeister began selling rubber when prices exceeded the"may-sell' level of 232 cents per kg early last month. INRO'sfive-day moving average was quoted at 237.3 cents on October16. He said the quality of five to six-year old rubber in stockwas uppermost in consumers' minds.    "We have received good interest for the rubber. I understandthe Japanese concern. Many consumers want to try the rubberbefore they carry on buying," he said.    Hofmeister said INRO rubber was stored in 28 differentlocations in producing and consuming nations, adding allwarehouses used were suitable for long-term storage.    Selling of buffer stock rubber had levelled off during thepast week to 10 days and this could reflect a "wait and seeattitude" by buyers, he said.    "Consumers are holding back from buying additional amountsuntil they test out the rubber. If their tests are positiive,they are likely to buy more." Hofmeister said he could reducethe offer price of buffer stock rubber to stimulate interestbut INRO did not want to depress prices artificially.    Hofmeister declined to comment on Japanese trade estimatesthat he had sold around 30,000 to 32,000 tonnes in Kuala Lumpurand New York since September.    But he said Japanese traders were in a position to have anidea of the quantity he had sold, noting that traders overallhad put buffer stock sales at between 25,000 and 35,000 tonnes.    The question of sales from the original 360,000 tonnebuffer stock is expected to be the main topic of the Councilmeeting which is scheduled to end on Thursday.    The current international rubber pact expires on October22.    The deadline for the new pact's start is January 1989 andHofmeister has been mandated to continue selling rubber duringthe interim period. REUTER&#3;