Buoyed by low fuel prices andfavourable currency factors, Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd's&lt;CAPH.HK> 1986 profits are expected to surpass the airline'sforecast of one billion H.K. Dlrs, stock analysts said.    Analysts said they expect the airline to show net earningsof between 1.1 billion and 1.25 billion dlrs when it reportsresults tomorrow for its first year as a public company.    Cathay, 51 pct owned by Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HK>, madeits earnings forecast in the prospectus for its flotation inMay last year.    Cathay is expected to pay a 13-cent final dividend, makinga total of 19 cents for the year, as forecast in theprospectus, analysts polled by Reuters said.    They said the airline's performance improved in the secondhalf of the year after it reported interim profits of 503 mlndlrs.    The weakness of the local currency, pegged at 7.80 to oneU.S. Dollar, and low fuel prices moved further in the company'sfavour from the assumptions made in the prospectus at the timeof the flotation, James Capel (Far East) Ltd said.    James Capel estimates average fuel prices for the airlineindustry in 1986 at 63 U.S. Cents per gallon, 27 pct below the1985 level. It said a one pct movement in fuel prices wouldaffect Cathay's net profits by 10 mln dlrs and forecast profitsof 1.25 billion dlrs.     Analysts said the company's estimates of fuel price andcurrency movements set out in its prospectus were conservative.    "This is reflected in their interim results which showedthat profit margin has increased," said Frederick Tsang ofMansion House Securities (F.E.) Ltd.    Cathay's six-month turnover rose 19.8 pct from year-earlierlevels, but profits rose 69 pct.    The rise in oil prices in late 1986 had little impact onthe company's fuel oil bill last year, as aviation fuel pricesusually lag behind crude price movements by several months,analysts said.    By last September the yen had risen some 54 pct against theHong Kong dollar from the end of 1985, the mark 43 pct andsterling 12 pct.    "Overall the weakness of the Hong Kong dollar againstCathay's major trading currencies helped push passenger yieldsin the first half up 7.2 pct," said James Capel. "This shouldcontinue through the second half to enable passenger yields toend the year up 7.6 pct."    A strong performance from the 2.9 billion dlrs in cashunder management also improved profits, James Capel said.    A general improvement in air traffic last year contributedto Cathay's revenue increase, but the company's load factordeclined because of increased competition and an expansion ofits fleet and services.    James Capel estimated Cathay's passenger-kilometres flownlast year rose six pct from 1985 and freight-kilometres flownclimbed 17 pct, though the airline's load factor probably fellto 68.8 pct from 70 pct.    "Cathay added new planes, and was forced to fly some routeslast year because of the threat of competition from Dragon Air,"said Tsang. "This affected its load factor."    Fear of possible competition from fledgling carrier &lt;HongKong Dragon Airways Ltd> may have contributed to Cathay'sdecision to resume service to New Zealand last year, analystssaid. REUTER&#3;