Mellon Bank Corp said it expectsto report a loss for the first quarter in the range of 55 mlnto 65 mln dlrs or 2.13 to 2.15 dlrs a share.    The company also said it intends to reduce its secondquarter common stock dividend to 35 cts a share from 69 cts.    Mellon said it will make a provision for loan losses in thefirst quarter of 175 mln dlrs, reflecting about 95 mln dlrs incharge-offs and 80 mln dlrs in additions to the loan-lossreserve.    It will also put 310 mln dlrs in Brazilian loans on a cashbasis, resulting in interest reversals of 10 mln dlrs.    In the first quarter of 1986, Mellon earned 60.4 mln dlrsor 2.13 dlrs a share.    Chairman David Barnes said the loan charge-offs andincreased provisions address four areas of concern in thebank's wholesale lending portfolio - the energy sector,developing countries, some basic industrial companies andseveral commercial real estate businesses.    Mellon said the loan loss reserve at the end of the firstquarter is estimated to be 575 mln dlrs, or about 2.5 pct ofthe loan book, compared with 493.8 mln dlrs or 2.17 pct oftotal loans at the end of 1986.    Mellon said its primary capital ratio at the end of thefirst quarter will be in line with the end-1986 figure of 7.23pct, well in excess of regulatory guidelines.    Non-performing loans at quarter-end are estimated at 1.45billion dlrs, or 6.5 pct of the loan portfolio, compared with928 mln dlrs or 3.94 pct at the end of 1986.    Barnes noted that Mellon has a bigger involvement inenergy-based lending than many other banks. Because of the lackof a substantial recovery in energy prices this year,especially in natural gas prices, it was felt prudent toincrease reserves and take losses on loans in this sector.    "This action relates both to loans to companies directlyinvolved in energy, as well as loans to real estate developers,home builders and financial institutions in the SouthwesternUnited States," Barnes said.    As for LDC loans, he said Mellon had removed about 80 mlndlrs in fully current Argentine loans from cash basis but hadcharged off about 20 mln dlrs in private-sector Mexican debt.    He said Mellon, which was ordered in December to quitBrazil because of its refusal to renew some short-term creditlines, expects to participate in efforts to helpt Brazil andother sovereign borrowers to reschedule their debts.    Loans to basic industries were not major contributors tothe increase in non-performing assets or to first-quartercharge offs, but Mellon said it remains concerned about theabsence of a strong recovery in steel and related industries.    The increase in reserves, the dividend cut and continuedmanagement cost-cutting are aimed at ensuring that Mellon hasthe financial strength to deal with current uncertainties,Barnes said.    "We cannot predict when the uncertainties that presentlytrouble us will end, but we are confident we are managing themaggressively," he added. Reuter&#3;