Senior officials in the West Germancoalition government said tax cuts planned for next year wouldbe increased by 5.2 billion marks, in line with a pledge madeby Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg at last month'sinternational monetary conference in Paris.    Gerold Tandler, General Secretary of the Christian SocialUnion Party, detailing the cuts at a news conference alsoattended by officials from the Christian Democratic Union andFree Democratic Party, said all of the additional 5.2 billionmark reduction would represent net tax relief.    An increase in revenue from other sources was not planned.    The reductions will be added on to a package of tax cutsalready planned for 1988 amounting to some nine billion marks.    Tandler said three billion marks of the extra tax reliefwould be accounted for by reducing the rate of marginalincrease in income tax.    An increase in personal tax allowances would save taxpayers1.4 billion marks. Extra tax allowances for people whosechildren are being educated would cut 300 mln marks from thetax bill. A further 500 mln marks would be accounted for byincreasing the level of special depreciations for small- andmedium-sized companies.    The extra fiscal measures planned for next year are part ofa general reform of the tax system which will come into effectin 1990. Stoltenberg had said in Paris that part of thisreform, which will cut taxes by a gross 44 billion marks, wouldbe introduced next year, ahead of schedule.    The West German government had come under pressure from theUnited States to stimulate its economy with tax cuts. ButStoltenberg said in a speech last night in Hamburg that, whilethe economy would continue to expand this year, the rate ofgrowth was uncertain.    The government said in January it was aiming for realgrowth in Gross National Product this year of 2.5 pct, but someeconomists have revised their predictions down to two or below.    Stoltenberg said: "We remain on a course of expansion.Whether (this will be) under two pct, as some people believe,or around 2.5 pct as some others expect, or even closer tothree pct, as the Kiel World Economic Institute forecast a fewdays ago, remains open at the moment." REUTER&#3;