&lt;Gruppo Ferruzzi> is studying aproject which could result in a public share offer of up to 49pct of its French unit &lt;European Sugar (France)> and couldraise around 400 mln dlrs, Ferruzzi chairman Raul Gardini said.    Gardini told Reuters the operation under consideration wasaimed at "international markets" and that the figure of 400 mlndlrs given in some press reports "was probably about right."    European Sugar, wholly-owned by Ferruzzi unit EridaniaZuccherifici Nazionali SpA &lt;ERDI.M>, is expected to absorb theEuropean corn wet milling business of CPC International Inc&lt;CPC.N> which Ferruzzi recently agreed to buy.    Ferruzzi announced last week it had agreed in principle tobuy the CPC operation for 630 mln dlrs.    A Ferruzzi spokesman later confirmed that the group wasstudying the transfer of the CPC business to European Sugaralong with a possible share offering in the Paris unit, butgave no details.    The flotation plan has been interpreted by financialanalysts as a means of helping finance the acquisition of theCPC business.    In London yesterday, chairman of Belgian starch producer&lt;Amylum NV> Pierre Callebaut told Reuters that since Ferruzziwas "apparently still organising finance," his company mightstill succeed with its rival bid for the CPC business.    Gardini, commenting on Callebaut's remarks, said the 630mln dlrs agreed for the CPC acquisition would be paid "at thedate foreseen in the preliminary contract."    Gardini could not reveal the date in question nor give anyindication of the likely timing of an offering of shares inEuropean Sugar, but it was announced last week that Ferruzzi'spurchase of the CPC business was expected to be completed bySeptember 30.    Callebaut said yesterday that Amylum was surprised anddisappointed that its 675 mln dlr bid cash offer for CPC'sEuropean business was apparently rejected in favour ofFerruzzi's lower bid.    Gardini, commenting on Callebaut's remarks, said "Amylumshould know that one succeeds in a bid by making the rightoffer at the right moment - exactly as Ferruzzi did in the caseof the acquisition of CPC's European business."    Gardini said it was not Callebaut's business to concernhimself with the European Sugar capital raising operation understudy, he added.    Asked about press reports that Ferruzzi might follow up theEuropean Sugar flotation with the sale of 49 pct of the CPCbusiness, Gardini said: "We do not exclude having minoritypartners in the CPC business." He declined to elaborate. REUTER&#3;