Scores of Syrian troops marched into the batteredShatila Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut in a bid to quellfive months of fighting in Lebanon's "camps war," witnesses said.Beirut radio stations said Syrian troops would deploy at pointsaround the camp, besieged by Shi'ite Moslem Amal militia, toguarantee freedom of movement for refugees.    - - - -    WASHINGTON - President Reagan said neither the UnitedStates nor the Soviet Union would occupy new embassies in eachother's capitals until he was certain the new U.S. Building inMoscow was secure. He added a special review board headed byformer Defence Secretary Melvin Laird would examine serioussecurity breaches at the U.S. Diplomatic mission in Moscow.    - - - -    BAHRAIN - Iran reported launching a new offensive east ofIraq's southern city of Basra, saying troops supported byplanes had killed over 2,400 Iraqis. Baghdad said its forceshad repulsed the attack, killing thousands of Iranians.    - - - -    ZEEBRUGGE, Belgium - A capsized British car ferry with upto 140 bodies entombed inside was winched upright in a mammothsalvage operation.    - - - -    BONN - West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl told PresidentRonald Reagan in a letter that Bonn backed a superpower pact toban medium-range missiles from Europe but was concerned aboutany parallel ban on shorter-range missiles.    - - - -    BRUSSELS - Syria, a key state in Middle East politics, isshowing flexibility towards the idea of an internationalconference on peace in the region, Belgian Foreign Minister LeoTindemans said after talks with King Hussein of Jordan.    - - - -    WASHINGTON - Kuwait has asked at least four countries,including the United States and Soviet Union, for use of theirflags or tankers to protect oil shipments in the Gulf, U.S.Officials said. Britain and China were also asked, they added.    - - - -    CHANDIGARH, India - Sikh extremists killed five people andset ablaze cigarette, liquor and barber shops in Punjab in anew trial of strength with the state's moderate government overfundamentalist reforms.    - - - -    LONDON - Prospects for a June election in Britain roseafter senior members of Prime Minister Thatcher's Conservativeparty urged her to go to the country a year early in the wakeof more polls giving the party a commanding lead.    - - - -    ROME - Italy's government is expected to fall tomorrowfollowing a decision by the majority Christian Democrats towithdraw their 16 ministers unless Socialist Prime MinisterBettino Craxi resigns, political sources said.    - - - -    BAHIA BLANCA, Argentina - Pope John Paul began a swingthrough Argentina's rich agricultural interior with a strongdefence of the rights of rural workers, saying they had beenneglected too long.    - - - -    ANKARA - A Turkish military court jailed former deputyprime minister Alpaslan Turkes for 11 years on charges offorming an armed gang and sentenced five supporters to deathfor murder, Anatolian Agency reported. REUTER&#3;