A U.S. decision ending a forty-yeartax treaty covering the Netherlands Antilles was unlikely tohave a major impact on the Eurobond market, tax experts said.    Most U.S. firms stopped using financial subsidiariesincorporated in the Netherlands Antilles to sell to theEurobond market in July, 1984, the experts said.    But the decision affects Eurobonds issued before July 1984involving principal worth an estimated 30 billion dlrs and willprobably mean those bonds will be called before their maturitydate, they said.    Since most of the bonds are currently trading at a premium,calling them in early will mean a loss in market value for thebondholders, according to a Treasury official who asked not tobe identified.    The official said the Treasury Department was currentlyunsure about the impact of the move on the Eurobond market.    "We are monitoring the situation and receiving reports frominvestors and issuers," the official said.    Earlier, the Treasury said it notified the Netherlands ofthe termination of the treaty effective January 1, 1988.    For years, U.S. firms seeking to avoid a 30 pct withholdingtax used financial subsidiaries incorporated in the NetherlandsAntilles to sell Eurobonds, which are bonds issued abroad by anoverseas financial subsidiary.    But most companies have since taken advantage of a 1984change in the law known as the exemption for portfolio interestthat allows them to sell directly in the Eurobond market andavoid the withholding tax.    The 1984 tax change sharply reduced the number of U.S.companies using the Netherlands Antilles to sell Eurobonds,said Steven Hannes of accounting firm Touche Ross and Co.    Ending the tax treaty will mean that some foreignersinvesting in the U.S. through the Netherlands Antilles willlose tax benefits and probably change their portfolios, Hannessaid.    He said the decision would mainly affect foreign investorswho sought tax advantages because they reside in countrieswhich do not have a tax treaty with the United States.    These investors typically reside in countries in the MiddleEast, Central and South America, he said.    Some of them may withdraw their U.S. investments or seektax relief through the Netherlands itself or Switzerland, butthe choices are limited, Hannes said.    "It is conceivable their investment may stay here. Theywould bear some of the tax that has not been borne in thepast," Hannes said.    U.S. domestic bonds are not affected by the change.    U.S. companies with Eurobonds issued through theNetherlands Antilles are expected to call them early to avoidthe tax liability, a Treasury Department spokesman said. Butthey could refinance at lower rates because of the generaldecline in interest rates, so the Department does not expectU.S. firms to be hurt by the decision, the spokesman said.Negotiations between the United States and the Netherlandscontinued without success since the late 1970's. Thedifferences centered on U.S. concern over residents of thirdcountries avoiding U.S. taxes by using the treaty with theNetherlands Antilles. Reuter&#3;