The American Paper Institute said theindustry is headed for another year of record volume in 1987,with linerboard particularly strong.    "A pro-growth trade policy, continued attention to currencymanagement, a fairly low interest rate climate and no major taxincreases are the essential ingredients in this outlook," RedCavaney, American Paper Institute president said.    Cavaney said that so far this year the industry'sperformance mimics last year's strength.    Last year, he said, paper and paperboard production hit arecord 71 mln tons, 5.9 pct above 1985's 67 mln tons, whileindustry after-tax profits in 1986 exceeded 1985 profits.    Cavaney said that inventories will play a major role inthis year's performance.    "Inventories, which are generally low, are a positivefactor in the industry's outlook this year," he said, citingmarket pulp stocks, which are currently at 21 days supply, atthe low end of the industry's long term average.    Cavaney added that as a result of slimmer inventories in1986 and in the early part of this year, shipments for 1987 asa whole will be higher than last year, even if demand slackens.    Cavaney said, however, he expects demand this year to bestrong, spurred by consumer spending.    The benefits of tax reform on individual after-tax incomeand consumer goods companies' cash flow, he said, will increasedemand for both communications paper and packaging this year.    In addition, Cavaney said low mortgage rates should supporthigh levels of housing starts in 1987, increasing demand formany kinds of packaged goods.    Inventory building should help demand for cartons andcorrugated containers this year, he added.    Cavaney said he expects exports to remain fairly high in1987, as well, as a result of the recent declines in the dollaragainst major world currencies.    But more importantly, he said, an improved balance of tradein 1987 from the lower dollar would induce increased industrialactivity at home and thus higher packaging demand.    Cavaney said increased competitiveness, caused by lowercosts, higher productivity and improved efficiency would alsocontribute to a strong showing from the industry this year.    Cavaney said, however, that the Tax Reform Act of 1986could have a negative impact on the industry this year.    "For manufacturers, the removal of the investment taxcredit creates an impediment to future investment," he said.    Also, he said API estimates the industry will lose threebillion dlrs in cash flow over a five year period as a resultof reforms.    "Adjustments to this loss will require time and carefulevaluation and will adversely affect the capital spendingdecisions of individual companies," Cavaney said. Reuter&#3;