Phelps Dodge Corp chairman G. RobertDurham said the company is prepared to make another largenon-copper acquisition and that a deal could be struck in thenear future.    In an interview with Reuters, Durham said the company wasexamining potential candidates but not yet talking with any.    He declined to name the companies but said a deal couldoccur as soon as the second half of 1987.       Phelps Dodge, which ranks as the largest copper producer inthe U.S., last year paid 240 mln dlrs for Columbian ChemicalsCo, a maker of carbon black which is used in rubber and tiresamong other products.    The purchase was part of a strategic plan to diversify andeventually match earnings from non-copper operations and copperoperations.    Phelps Dodge could spend between 250 mln and 500 mln dlrsto buy another non-copper company, Durham said, citing about100 mln dlrs of cash and 580 mln dlrs of untapped bank credit.       Any acquisition candidate would have to have a differenteconomic cycle than copper, substantial earnings and goodmanagement, he said. Phelps Dodge would only want a friendlydeal, he added.    "We're not talking high-tech, or financial services orabout a perfume company," he said. "We want a good basicindustrial company that will fit into our managementstructure," Durham said.       During the interview, Durham and other executives also saidcontinued strong demand and tight copper supply should lead tohigher prices for the metal.    "In my view, it's not a matter of if but when the price(for copper) will improve because there aren't that many newprojects coming on, and demand, short of a major recession,will continue to grow modestly," said executive vice presidentDouglas Yearley. Phelps Dodge continues to lower its cost ofproducing copper, the executives said. Costs should be below 50cents a pound, after depreciation but before interest andcorporate expense, by 1989 or 1990.    Production costs are about 56 to 57 cents a pound nowcompared to one dlr a pound in 1981, some Wall St analystssaid.    Durham said copper supplies are lower than they have beenfor almost 20 years and demand continued to be strong.    He declined to project results for the second quarter oryear. But he said the quarter was going well and the rise incopper prices in the last month will help results.    Durham said last month that the second quarter should matchthe first quarter when earnings rose about 11 pct to 16.8 mlndlrs or 49 cts a share.    First quarter sales rose 61.5 pct to 372.9 mln dlrs,reflecting the acquisition of Columbian Chemicals and increasedcopper shipments from the Chino copper mine in New Mexico, alsoacquired last year.    Analysts are projecting 1987 earnings of 2.20 dlrs to 2.75dlrs a share, up sharply from 1.79 dlrs in 1986. Reuter&#3;