Executive board members of theInternational Coffee Organization, ICO, passed over the issueof export quota negotiations at its regular meeting here,delegates said.    No move was made to reopen dialogue on export quotas and nofurther discussion on the issue is likely during the three-daytalks, they said.    Producer and consumer members of the ICO council failed toagree export quota shares in early March.    Neither Brazil, the largest producer, nor the U.S., thelargest consumer, are ready to be flexible, delegates said.    "The situation is unchanged," consumer spokesman Abraham VanOverbeeke told reporters. "As long as Brazil sticks to itsposition there will not be quotas -- there is no point inmeeting."    At the last council meeting, Brazil wanted to maintain itsprevious quota share of around 30 pct of the market. Consumersand a splinter group of eight producers favoured redistributionof export shares using "objective criteria," which would likelyhave reduced Brazil's share.    Brazilian delegate Lindenberg Sette said that, if quotanegotiations were to resume, the 1.0 mln bag shortfall Brazilwas willing to give up in early March if the producer proposalwas accepted would no longer be on the table.    "As we said from the start...No agreement, no one millionbags," he told Reuters.    Shortfalls of 200,000 bags offered by OAMCAF, the Africanand Malagasy Coffee Organization, and 20,000 bags offered byAngola, are also no longer valid, delegates said.    The closest the board came to discussing quotas was abriefing by the Guatemalan ICO delegate Rene Montes on a recentLatin American producers meeting in Managua, delegates said.    There, the producers expressed their political will tonegotiate basic quotas, particularly in the face of thedamaging drop in coffee prices after the council failed toagree quotas, Montes said.    The ICO board also reviewed export statistics and stockverification. They expected talks on stock verification to takeup the remainder of today's session, delegates said. Reuter&#3;