China's oil drilling industry is one ofthe few bright spots in the international oilpatch with about1,000 rigs currently working and annual increases of 80-100expected through the end of the century, a Chinese petroleumofficial said.    "In China, production concentrates on the domestic market,and does not depend on the international price of oil," ZhaiGuang Ming, a director of the Chinese Ministry of Petroleum,told Reuters.    Chinese oil sold within the nation's borders is priced atabout one-third the 18 dlr a barrel benchmark price establishedby the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, Zhai saidin an interview at the World Petroleum Congress.    The optimism in China is in sharp contrast to the UnitedStates where weak oil prices have prompted a steep fall in thenumber of active rigs from a 1981 peak of 4,500 to only 765last week according to the latest Baker Hughes Co rig count.    At this time, China actually has more rigs in operationthan any other country in the world, said Xianglin Hou, anothermember of the 20-man Chinese delegation at the Houston meeting.    But this does not mean good news for the sagging oilfieldequipment industry in the rest of the world, said Bryan Walman,international sales manager for Reed Tool Co in Houston.    Walman said more than 90 pct of China's drilling activityis on land and under the control of the Chinese governmentwhich requires local manufacture of drilling equipment.    But U.S. and other western nations do provide equipment forChina's fledgling offshore projects as well as participate inthe actual drilling, he said.    Amoco Corp &lt;AN>, for example, has reported a discovery in1,000 feet of water in the South China Sea.    "We're encouraged," said Alfred Munk, manager of Amoco'sforeign affairs, "but we need substantial reserves before wecan do commercial production in a remote area like that."     Zhai estimated that current Chinese oil production of 130mln tonnes a year should rise to total 200 mln tonnes annuallyby the year 2,000.    Chinese crude reserves total 23.6 billion barrels, withultimate resources estimated at 69.3 billion barrels. Reuter&#3;