The release of U.K. February trade datashowing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopesof an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, withexpectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharplynarrower than January's 527 mln deficit.    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase ManhattanSecurities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weakermorning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted indexagainst a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged fromyesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil tradepattern would undermine international support for sterling,which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begunto doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending ratesto 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of theExchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current accountdeficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, said Wroblewski.    Seasonally adjusted figures showed that imports rose inFebruary to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips andDrew said that the faster rise in exports than imports wouldprove partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast theChancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer expeditureon imported goods.    However, Ian Harwood, economist at Warburg Securities, saidhis firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficitforecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billionstg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goodsconfirmed recent bullish surveys among members of theConfederation of British Industry.    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even ifJanuary's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseasgoods and import-intensive stock building among manufactureres,Harwood said.    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worriesabout the figures evaporated.    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settlingto a steady 1.6050 dlrs about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higherthan the European low of 1.5960.    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in marketsentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market waslargely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that theConservative government's support was slipping.    The Marplan poll, published in "Today," showed Conservativesupport had fallen to 36 pct, from 38 pct last month, while theAlliance of Liberals and Social Democrats had rallied to 31pct, from 21 pct, to run neck and neck with the Labour Party,whose own support fell from 38 pct.    The poll was taken after the Budget, which was greetedenthusiastically by financial markets but seems to have leftthe voters indifferent, political observers said.    Another regular poll is due tomorrow, and eonomists warnthat today's improved sentiment could be dented if support forPrime Minister Margaret Thatcher slips again.    This upsetting of the markets' political perceptions, whichare all but discounting a Conservative victory in the upcominggeneral election, made them more sensitive to the trade data,Harwood said. "The news did come as a very, very substantialrelief," he said.    However, on the interest rate front, economists cautionthat Lawson might be wary of leaving sterling vulnerable byencouraging another base rate fall. They noted Lawson hadalready got an inflation-reducing cut in mortgage rates inresponse to lower base rates, so domestic political reasons forlower rates have been curtailed. REUTER&#3;