Japanese securities houses will issue newcorporate bonds more quickly, accept issue requests throughoutthe month instead of at month-end and introduce a competitiveunderwriting method from April 1, to bring Japanese firms backto the Tokyo bond market, securities managers said.    Domestic issues have slowed to a trickle as more and morecompanies turn to more flexible overseas markets for cash, butthe proposed moves are expected to pave the way for a review ofpublic bond issues, they said.    "Relaxation of issue rules would be better applied not onlyto straight corporate bonds, but also convertible bonds andwarrant bonds, to call back issuers effectively from overseasmarkets," a Nikko Securities house bond manager said.    Securities houses will launch an issue about 10 days aftera corporate declaration of intent instead of 25 days as now,the securities managers said.    Underwriters are expected to abolish the lump-sum issuancesystem, in which all corporate bonds are issued at month-end,and accept issue requests during the month, they said.    Securities houses also plan to introduce free competitionamong underwriters when negotiating with issuers over terms inorder to better reflect the market, securities managers said.    Market participants expect the new issue methods to beapplied beginning in April, with the projected issue by &lt;NipponTelegraph and Telephone Corp>.    The so-called proposal method abolishes the practice oftaking lead-managership and enables more market-orienteddecisions on terms, securities sources said.    The four major Japanese securities houses now take turnsunderwriting corporate bonds.    Setting issue terms using financial criteria prepared bysecurities houses and in reference to coupon rates on latestpublic bonds is now almost automatic, they said.    The new moves are based on wide-ranging proposals made inlate December by advisers to Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa.They were aimed at revitalising the domestic corporate bondmarket, securities house managers said.    The finance ministry, commissioned banks and securitieshouses agreed in January to lower the eligibility ceiling forcompanies wanting to issue non-collateral straight andconvertible bonds from March 1, securities managers said.    The cut will more than double the number of corporationsable to make non-collateral issues from around 70 for straightbonds and 180 for convertibles now, securities managers said.    The Bond Market Committee of the Securities ExchangeCouncil also recommended introduction of a shelf registrationsystem, more use of corporate ratings systems andsimplification of disclosure rules to help speed up the issuingprocess, securities sources said.    It also called for a major review of the commissioned banksystem, which increases the cost of issuing domestic bonds, andfor deregulation of private placements, they said.    Some of these proposals are likely to take some time to putinto effect, the sources said. A shelf registration systemwould need a revision of Japanese commercial law, expected in1988, the sources said. REUTER&#3;