Swiss lawyers have largely headed off anattempt to restrict banking secrecy and curb their powers toact for clients despite the new, revised code of bankingconduct agreed by the Bankers' Association this week, analystssaid.    The "laundering" of drug and "insider dealing" money andcontroversy over accounts of the ousted Philippine and HaitianPresidents have hurt the standing of Swiss banks recently andstrained international relations, particularly with the UnitedStates.    Critics said the new code fell well short of demands forreform, doing little to close a key loophole in the requirementthat banks know the identity of their customers.    The Social Democratic party, a member of the rulingfour-party coalition, which forced an unsuccesful 1984referendum to curb banking secrecy, complained the code stillfell short of the legal controls they wanted.    "It looks a slight improvement on paper, but the same trickswill still be possible in practice," Felix Meier, a senior partyofficial, told Reuters.    In contrast, Swiss lawyers are happy with the new code.    "Apart from a few nuances, we are very pleased with theagreement," said Max Oesch, a senior official of the SwissLawyers Federation, which has fought a long campaign to preventany curbs on lawyers' ability to act for their clients.    "It has shown that the 4,000 Swiss lawyers who do a good jobshould not be punished for the sake of getting at the one ortwo black sheep."    The role of lawyers has been at the centre of long runningdiscussions on the renewal of the so-called "convention ofdiligence," a voluntary code of banking conduct introduced inresponse to a major banking scandal here in 1977.    With secrecy back in the public eye due to the FerdinandMarcos case and a Swiss bank link to the recently busted "PizzaConnection" international heroin ring, officials at the BankingCommission said earlier this year they wanted a tightening ofrules on anonymity.    However, the changes in the new code, which comes intooperation in October, have been minor.    Clients will still be able to keep their identity secretfrom the banks provided their lawyer pledges that therelationship with his client "is not only of a temporary nature"and involves provision of other legal services.    The Lawyers' Association said this part of their businessis very minimal anyway. In the majority of cases, people hadperfectly legal private or commercial reasons for not wantingthe bank to know their identity, Oesch said.    The Banking Commission, despite its earlier demand for avirtual abolition of the loophole, also said it was happy withthe new code.    However, critics complain that the agreement does not gofar enough to restrict the role of lawyers and could still becircumvented by criminals.    "No other group in society is allowed to regulate itself asmuch as the banks," complained Meier of the Social Democrats. "Ihope that the Banking Commission exercises its proper controlfunction."    However, other parts of the agreement won praise.    In particular, banks will also now be required to demandthe identity anyone doing more than 100,000 Swiss francs worthof business with them, even if they do not have an account atthe bank. Until now, the threshold was 500,000 francs.    Peter Kluser, head of the National Bank's legal department,which had argued for a lower limit, said the move could helpcombat the use of banks to "launder" or hide the criminal originof money.    The new code also clarifies the legal status of a tribunalable to impose heavy fines on banks which do not respect thecode. REUTER&#3;