European Community (EC) agricultureministers gave widely diverging reactions to EC executiveCommission proposals for a radical reduction of guaranteedprices for the EC's 12 mln farmers.    The plans, which could cut the price received by farmers byover 10 pct in many cases, were dismissed by West Germanminister Ignaz Kiechle as in part unacceptable and in part noteven a basis for negotiation, diplomatic sources said.    At the other end of the scale, Britain's Michael Joplingsaid for some products they did not go far enough to reduce themassive spending on the EC's farm policy, the major factorwhich has brought the Community close to a budget crisis.    Ministers discussed the Commission's 1987-88 farm priceproposals for the first time and the sources said negotiationscould last several months yet.    Belgian minister Paul de Keersmaeker, who is chairing themeeting, told his colleagues he would not even attempt to reachagreement at the current meeting which is due to end Tuesdayalthough prices are supposed to be agreed by April 1.    The disagreement among ministers reflects deep divisionsamong member states about the future of the EC's farm policywhich swallows about two-thirds of the annual 36 billionEuropean Currency Unit (41 billion dollar) budget.    Kiechle, backed generally by his French, Italian andseveral other colleagues, believes sacrifices by traditionalfamily farmers must be kept to a minimum in order to maintainviable rural communities in Europe.    Jopling, with some support from the Netherlands andDenmark, on the whole backs proposals by EC farm commissionerFrans Andriessen to cut guaranteed prices and reduce theopportunities for sales of surplus products into EC stores.    He believes the system which allows such sales nominally asa last resort has become abused, resulting in huge stocks anddamaging trade tensions with other major world food exporters.    Jopling told journalists it was now costing the EC 2,000Ecus a hectare (920 dlrs an acre) to subsidise cottonproduction and double that figure for the growing of certaintypes of tobacco.    Opening yesterday's debate, Andriessen accused officials ofsome EC states of ignoring realities. "They give the impressionof living on another planet where there are no surpluses, nobudgetary deficits and no budgetary discipline for farmspending," he said.    One Andriessen scheme for closing the budget gap couldalready be doomed, diplomats said.    He wants to raise two billion Ecus (2.28 billion dlrs)through a tax on EC produced and imported oilseeds which hasalready raised hackles in Washington because of fears of theimpact on U.S. soybean exports.    Jopling said earlier enough EC states appear opposed tothis scheme to block its adoption provided they all stand firmin the lengthy negotiations ahead on the Commission proposals. Reuter&#3;