As a British government investigation gotunder way into the sinking of the car ferry Herald of FreeEnterprise with heavy loss of life, experts said doubts hadalready been expressed about the roll-on roll-off type of ship.    Shipping minister Lord Brabazon said a preliminaryinvestigation had started into why the 7,951 tonne ferrycapsized and sank in little over a minute as it manoeuvred toleave Zeebrugge on a routine four hour crossing to Dover.    Initial reports spoke of water flooding the car decksthrough the bow doors. But a spokesman for the owners, TownsendThoresen, said it was also possible the ferry had been holed.    Townsend Thoresen operate two other ships identical to theHerald of Free Enterprise, but Brabazon said it was not plannedto pull them out of service at present.    "Our investigator is there already. We shall have to waitand see. But it is too early to say what happened," he told BBCradio.    As the work of retrieving bodies from the half-submergedhulk continued, maritime safety experts in London said doubtshad already been expressed about the design of so-called "RoRo"ferries such as the Herald of Free Enterprise.    In 1980 the Inter-Governmental International MaritimeConsultative Committee issued a report saying more roll-onroll-off vessels were lost in accidents than ships with deckareas divided by bulkheads.    Townsend Thoresen say the ship, built at the West Germanyard of Bremerhaven in 1980, was built to the highest safetystandards.    But salvage expert William Cooper said passengers wouldhave had problems getting off this type of ship because of itsdesign.    Former Townsend Thoresen navigating officer Clive Langleysaid the RoRo type of vessels were similar in some respects toa barge.    "As any sailor knows it only takes two or three inches outof line and you can turn a barge over. An ordinary ship iscompartmentalised and you have more stability," he said.    Cooper said cross-Channel ferries were normally perfectlystable but had huge wide deck areas above the water level.    "If you do get water into that area then you can get verysevere effects on the stability of the ship," he added. REUTER&#3;