U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrigepraised South Korea's new surplus-cutting trade policies butwarned of possible protectionist retaliation if Seoul's marketliberalisation efforts falter or fail.    In a press conference after talks with South Koreanleaders, Baldrige called the government's announced intentionto regulate exports and boost imports "a very, very importantstep, the right direction for the Korean government to take."    The government adopted the new policies last week in thehope of heading off a trade war with the U.S.    Baldrige said the policies "showed an understanding of thefact that this country cannot go on indefinitely growing byexports alone."    "There has to be enough of a change so that domestic growthbegins to take more of the load," he said.    South Korea had a 7.2 billion dlr trade surplus withWashington in 1986, thanks largely to booming sales of cars andconsumer electronic goods. It racked up another 1.4 billiondlrs in surplus in the first quarter of this year.    Baldrige said Seoul's package of measures was "broad enoughand comprehensive enough so that ... Actions can be taken forliberalising imports (and) increasing the domestic economy, ifthe government is willing to follow through."    "We will be watching the implementation of this new policydirection very closely," he said. "Because of the protectionismgrowing in the U.S., We see a real problem if Korea does notkeep on the same path ... Of steadily increasingliberalisation.... If that should falter or fail or turnbackward, I'm as sure as I'm standing here that we'd seeprotectionist movement in the U.S."    Baldrige said he and South Korean Trade Minister RhaWoong-bae spent much time discussing trade problems in specificproduct categories.    These included service industries, which he said were stilltoo much of a closed sector in South Korea, and computers andcars. Baldrige said he urged speedy action on removing thetariffs and taxes on imported U.S. Cars which can make themsell for up to three times their American prices.    "We want to stop that. With this sort of thing, there'sgoing to be trouble somewhere down the road," he said. "We arejust pointing this out."    Asked if Seoul's measures could succeed without arevaluation of the won, which Washington has been urging formonths, Baldrige declined to comment. "We don't have any targetfor any particular currency, but we do feel that currenciesaround the world, if we are going to be successful as a worldeconomy, have to reflect the fundamentals of the variouseconomies involved," he said.    Baldrige said he had agreed to Rha's proposal forcooperation on forming U.S.-South Korean joint ventures inthird countries. The American government would be pleased toencourage U.S. Firms to get involved, he added.    Commenting on President Reagan's decision to increasetariffs on certain Japanese imports to the U.S., Baldrige saidWashington's trade problems with Japan were not comparable toits difficulties with South Korea.    "I think the attitude in Korea is both reasonable and fair,"he said. "It's a firm attitude. We don't get anything fornothing or just by asking for it.    "But our negotiations are friendly and reasonable and theyusually end up with something good happening at the end thatboth countries live up to." REUTER&#3;