Yugoslav Prime Minister Branko Mikulic,unveiling a new draft economic program, said Yugoslavia wouldcut repayments on its almost 20 billion lr hard currency debtto bring them in line with its hard currency earning capacity.    "We have decided to coordinate repayment of our debt withrealistically assessed capabilities of our economy," he said inParliament. He said the current debt-service ratio (over 40 pctof export revenue) was too high.    Yugoslavia is to negotiate a long-term restructuring of itsdebt after missing repayments in recent months, Mikulic said.    "If we did not change the dynamics of repaying our debt, thesituation would become increasingly worse," Mikulic said.    He said on the present repayment schedule, Yugoslavia wouldhave a net outflow of two billion dlrs and the level of debtwould be halved by 1995. But he added:    "The consequences would not only mean slower economic growthin the coming years but also further exhaustion of the economyand lasting damage to the economy's capacity for development,"he said.    "All that would, of course, intensify social difficulties,"Mikulic added.    The state news agency Tanjug said on October 9 thatYugoslavia plans to adjust debt repayments over the next eightyears and to cut the debt-service ratio to 25 pct.    Yugoslavia failed to make a principal repayment due lastmonth which had already been postponed by 90 days.    Mikulic's proposed economic program, which also includeshigher personal taxes as well as wage and price restraint, isintended to serve as a basis for the debt talks to demonstrateYugoslavia's ability to eventually repay the credits.    His program has to be discussed and approved by parliamentby early November.    Mikulic said foreign debt should be retained at about thesame level as now until 1990 and the country should then beable to keep currency reserves equal to three months payments.    "Of course, these are our proposals for talks withcreditors. We expect understanding and support because it is intheir interest as well," Mikulic said.    He said that under the present schedule debt payments hadslowed economic development and exhausted currency reserves.Banking sources say Yugoslavia's reserves are inadequate atpresent for even one month's debt and import bill. REUTER&#3;