The EC Commission has proposed amodified plan for a tax on marine and vegetable oils and fatsin its revised 1987/88 farm price proposals, an officialdocument detailing the proposals shows.    The document, made available to journalists, says thecommission proposes that the tax should start at levelsoriginally proposed for vegetable oils on October 1.    However, the tax on marine oils and fats would be cut by 50pct from originally envisaged levels, the document said.    In addition, the Commission proposes that the level of thetax, expected to start at 330 Ecus per tonne, could be reviewedevery three months rather than annually.    Diplomatic sources said the change to the proposals forfish oils appears to be an attempt to overcome objections tothe tax from Portugal and Spain, major fishing nations.    Other countries opposing the tax include Britain, WestGermany and Denmark.    The new proposals retain most of the Commission's originalplans in other sectors.    However, they mark the Commission's recognition that itcannot get proposals to reduce the period of intervention forcereals, diplomats said.    Instead the Commission proposes to cut the monthlyincrements applied to cereals during the November to May periodwhen intervention is open to 2.7 Ecus a tonne for durum wheatand two Ecus a tonne for other cereals.    The document shows the Commission has also changed itsgreen currency proposals in the light of heavy opposition,notably from West Germany.    West German and Dutch positive monetary compensatoryamounts (MCAs) would be immediately cut by 0.5 points, with afurther one point cut at the beginning of the 1988/89 season.    The Commission originally proposed a complete dismantlingof positive MCAs.     For other countries, the Commission makes the followingproposals for dismantling negative MCAs     Denmark and Benelux - reduction of around 1.5 points foranimal products and just over two points for crops.     France and Ireland - proposals unchanged except for anextra 1.5 point cut for beef.     Italy - dismantling of all MCAs except those created sinceJanuary 12.    Britain - five point cut for most products, 6.5 points forbeef.    Greece, Spain and Portugal - for most products, dismantlingof seven, 14 and 5.5 points respectively. Reuter&#3;