Japan has sought to assure the U.S. It isnot trying to keep foreign equity in a new Japaneseinternational telecommunications company below the legal limitof 33 pct, a Post and Telecommunications ministry officialsaid.    In a letter sent yesterday, Postal Minister ShunjiroKarasawa told U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige that theministry does not object to foreign participation by those U.S.Firms that have expressed interest.    But it does oppose any foreign internationaltelecommunications carrier having a management role, he said.    The move appears to be an effort to dampen U.S. Oppositionto the planned merger of two rival firms seeking to competewith the current monopoly &lt;Kokusai Denwa Denshin Co Ltd>, andto reduce the share held in any KDD rival by U.K.'s Cable andWireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L>, industry analysts and diplomats said.    One of the rival firms, &lt;International Telecom Japan Inc>(ITJ) has offered a stake in the company to eight U.S. Firmsincluding General Electric Co &lt;GE>, Ford Motor Co &lt;F> andCitibank NA &lt;CCI), and two European companies, ITJ presidentNobuo Ito said yesterday.    Cable and Wireless holds a 20 pct share in a secondpotential KDD rival, &lt;International Digital CommunicationsPlanning Inc>, along with &lt;C Itoh and Co>. Merrill Lynch and CoInc &lt;MER> and Pacific Telesis International Inc &lt;PAC>, both ofthe U.S., Hold three and 10 pct shares respectively.    The Post and Telecommunications Ministry has urged themerger of the two firms because it says the market can onlysupport a single KDD competitor.    It has also rejected management participation by aninternational common carrier, such as Cable and Wireless,arguing no international precedent for such a stake exists.    Cable and Wireless Director of Corporate Strategy, JonathanSolomon, yesterday again told ministry officials he opposes amerger proposal that would limit Cable and Wireless' share toless than three pct and total foreign participation to about 20pct, the ministry official said.    Channeling the U.S. Firms into a single merged competitorwould most probably result in diluting Cable and Wireless'share, industry analysts said.    "Eventually the ministry will get what it wants -- onecombined competitor," Bache Securities (Japan) Ltd analystDarrell Whitten said.    "Political ... Leverage may get the total foreign share upto a certain amount, but you won't find any one company with anextraordinarily large holding," Whitten said.    Western diplomatic sources were more blunt.    "They (the ministry) don't want to see Cable and Wirelesswith a reasonable share and they think of all sorts ofstrategies to reduce that share," one said.    Fumio Watanabe, a senior Keidanren (a leading businessorganization) official who has been trying to arrange themerger, will present a new outline of his proposal on Thursday,the ministry official said. REUTER&#3;