Parliament passed laws increasing theamounts and frequency of treasury bill issues and allowing thegovernment to raise up to 35 billion dlrs through issues ofregistered stock, bearer bonds and book-entry securities.    Both steps are aimed at establishing a wider domesticcapital market as part of Singapore's plans to expand itsfinancial sector, Finance Minister Richard Hu said.    Banking sources said the new government securities market,scheduled to have been launched on March 2, had been delayedpending legislative approval of these bills.    The 35 billion dlrs maximum which may be raised under theDevelopment Loan Bill (1987), against a ceiling of 15 billionunder current laws, is expected to satisfy demand forgovernment securities over the next four years, Hu said.    He said 6.1 billion dlrs of the 15 billion has so far beenraised as development loans. The rest will be used up whenbonds are issued to absorb advance deposits of 13.9 billiondlrs from the Central Provident Fund (CPF), a mandatory pensionsavings scheme. Workers and employers contribute a respective25 pct and 10 pct of a worker's salary to the CPF, which hadfunds totalling 29.3 billion at end-1986.    Regular government securities issues are needed to meet thedemand of banks, insurance companies, other financialinstitutions and corporate and individual investors, Hu said.    The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) had said itplanned to launch trading by issuing taxable instrumentsgrossing seven billion dlrs in the first year and a gross 38billion dlrs of paper over the next five years.    Funds raised in excess of the government's budgetary needswill not be channelled into increased spending, but will berecycled back to the financial system, largely through the MAS,Hu said.    Hu said the current government securities market isrudimentary, with the CPF holding three-quarters of theoutstanding debt and banks, discount houses and insurancecompanies holding the rest. "The concentration of securities inthe hands of such long-term holders has left little scope fortrading activity," he said.    "Moreover, the maturity of the bonds, mostly 20 years, wasnot attractive to other investors who might have been expectedto deal more actively in the market. The infrequency of bondissues exacerbated the lack of liquidity necessary for thedevelopment of a market," Hu said.    Hu said these obstacles have been resolved and regularissues of government securities will be made, initiallycarrying terms of up to five years and market-related yields.    The minimum denomination is 1,000 dlrs for notes and bonds-- aimed at individual investors -- and 10,000 dlrs for thetreasury bills, which are directed at corporate investors.    Eight primary and registered dealers have undertaken tomake markets in order to ensure liquidity, he said.    Hu said while the new government securities market will beessentially domestic, non-residents are free to invest, butinterest earned will be subject to withholding tax.    Hu said under the new Treasury Bills (Amendment) Bill, allbook entries of borrowings through treasury bill issues must bemade in records maintained by MAS.    Hu said that instead of physical certificates having totravel back and forth at each transaction, with side trips tothe MAS for registration, the MAS will maintain a computerisedsystem for updating records in a central register.    Commercial banks and primary and registered governmentsecurities dealers will each have two securities accounts withthe MAS, one for their own holdings and the other for holdingson behalf of all their customers, Hu said.    All trades will be reflected daily in changes in theseaccounts, Hu said.    "These institutions will in turn act as custodians ofgovernment securities for their customers, rendering each anindividual accounting of his holdings."    Hu said the new system will cut storage and handling costsand paper work, reduce the danger of loss, theft, destructionand counterfeiting, and permit greater speed and efficiency inhandling large volumes of transactions. REUTER&#3;