Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>expects to increase its market share in West Germany in thefull year 1987 after registering gains in the first two monthsof the year, managing board chairman Carl Hahn said.    He told Reuters in an interview that incoming orders inWest Germany, VW's largest single market, had been very good inearly 1987. Its share of the domestic car market rose to 29 pctin January and February from 26 pct in the year-ago period.    Hahn declined to forecast first quarter 1987 results, oranswer questions about the VW currency scandal.    Hahn said he did not want to elaborate on statements VW hadalready issued on the affair and noted the case was now in thehands of state prosecutors.    VW, like other car manufacturers, had encountered difficultmarket conditions in the United States in early 1987, Hahnsaid, without giving details.    He declined to predict U.S. Sales for 1987 as a whole,saying it was particularly difficult this year to forecastsales trends in North America, VW's second largest regionalmarket after Western Europe.    Hahn declined to comment directly on reports that 1986losses at Spanish subsidiary Sociedad Espanola de Automovilesde Turismo (SEAT) totalled up to 27 billion pesetas or thatthese losses were twice as high as expected.    But he said SEAT was developing according to plan and addedthe introduction of international accounting standards andchanges to VW's own had led to some corrections to SEAT'sfigures.    VW hoped SEAT would reach break-even point in the course ofthis year. In 1986 SEAT's volume sales had been better thanexpected, Hahn said.    In January and February, 1987, SEAT's turnover in Europerose 40 pct compared with the same months of 1986, Hahn said.Its European market share rose to 1.9 pct in January andFebruary from 1.6 pct a year earlier.    Hahn said VW hoped to sign a contract with Ford Motor Co&lt;F.N> in the summer on the planned joint venture between thetwo companies' loss-making operations in Argentina and Brazil.    A provisional joint management team was already looking atways of synchronising the two operations, he said. VW'soperations in Mexico had made again made a profit in 1986, headded.    Hahn, speaking to Reuters in an interview to markproduction of VW's 50 millionth car, said VW had no plans tomake acquisitions outside the automotive sector.    It also did not expect to raise capital again in theforeseeable future after increasing capital by 25 pct in 1986in the biggest rights issue in West German history, Hahn said.    In a separate interview Karl-Heinz Briam, the managementboard member responsible for labour relations, said VW did notcurrently plan to increase its workforce further this year.    All of VW's domestic plants and most of its foreignproduction facilities were currently operating at fullcapacity, Briam said. The exceptions were VW's Nigerianoperations and its Westmoreland plant in Pennsylvania.    Hahn said VW had recently taken steps to increase theflexibility and improve the structure of the Westmorelandplant. However, VW was not planning to increase productionthere at the moment.    "Most of the VW vehicles (sold in the U.S.) will, as before,be built in Germany," Hahn said.    Hahn said there was room for further growth in WestGermany, and predicted that 1987 would be a good year generallyfor the industry domestically.    Wolfgang Lincke, head of car development at VW, said theincreasing environmental awareness of West German consumerswould allow VW to sell more "higher value" cars in futurecontaining equipment such as catalytic converters, which cutexhaust emissions.    Lincke declined to be drawn on when VW may introduce asuccessor to its current Golf model, which in 1983 replaced theoriginal dating from 1974.    VW would in any case retain the Golf name. Of the 50 mln VWcars built since VW started commercial production after WorldWar II, nearly nine mln have been Golfs, Lincke said.    VW, which traditionally releases its annual results inApril or May, said last week 1986 profit and dividend wouldboth be unchanged despite the need to make provision to coverthe possible loss of 480 mln marks from allegedly fraudulenthedging operations.    VW has also said the currency scandal would not affect thecompany's investment spending. REUTER&#3;