The United States may soon ease its1987 sugar import quota of one mln short tons by bringingforward to the third quarter some shipments scheduled for thefourth quarter of 1987, Jerry Huckaby, a leading Congressmanrepresenting sugar growers told Reuters in an interview.    Huckaby, a Louisiana Democrat and chairman of the Housesubcommittee which deals with the sugar program, indicated theeasing of the quota might be a way to calm the concern aboutthe impact of the severe cut in U.S. sugar imports this year.    "With imports coming down from 1.8 mln (last year) to onemln, there is legitimate concern about the impacts on Caribbeancountries and the Philippines," Huckaby said.    By bringing forward to the third quarter some imports, thequota would effectively be eased by about 250,000 tons.    Huckaby said by simply bringing forward to the thirdquarter of the year sugar imports scheduled for the Septemberto December period "we could get away without having toincrease the quota."    He noted that some in the sugar industry believe anincrease in the quota is justified.    Earlier this month, representatives of U.S. cane sugarrefiners met with U.S. Agriculture Department officials torequest a quota increase of at least 200,000 tons. The refinerssaid the increase is needed because the quota is so restrictivethere could be some spot shortages of sugar in the U.S laterthis year, a refiner spokesman said.    However, the official slaid the USDA replied only that itwould consider the request.    Following the refiners' request, representatives of theFlorida sugarcane producers met with USDA to express oppositionto any quota expansion, industry sources said.    The statement by Huckaby, who as a representative from asugar growing district in Louisiana is a leading architect ofthe current sugar program, indicates at least some growerofficials are concerned enough to support an easing of theimport quota, industry officials said.    Any final decision on easing the quota must be made by theReagan administration's interagency sugar policy group.    Asked about possible quota changes, A USDA official said"As far as I know, changing the quota volume or the quota yearis not under active consideration." Reuter&#3;