The Singapore government shouldreduce its stake in major state-owned or run companies likeSingapore Airlines Ltd &lt;AIRH.SI> to around 30 pct over the nextdecade and privatise statutory boards, a government reportsaid.    The report of the Public Sector Divestment Committee alsorecommended flotation of as many government-linked companies(glcs) as possible, and secondary distribution of state-ownedshares to add breadth and depth to the Singapore stock market.    The Singapore government owns or backs 608 companies underthree holding companies with total assets in access of 10billion dlrs, the report said.    The report said a study of 99 glcs showed that 41 of themshould be privatised, 52 should not be privatised, and sixshould be studied further because they have foreign governmentparticipation, serve a "social mission," or are defence-related.    Of the 41, 15 should seek listing on The Stock Exchange ofSingapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System (SESDAQ),including shipyards, printing firms and airport service firms.    The government should privatise a further 17, includingIntraco Ltd (a government trading firm), Chemical Industries(FE) Ltd, and Acma Electrical Industries Ltd, and reduce itsstake in nine, it added.    These included Singapore Airlines, SIA, now 63 pct-owned bythe government's Temasek Holdings, The Development Bank ofSingapore &lt;DBSM.SI>, Keppel Corp Ltd &lt;KPLM.SI>, SembawangShipyard Ltd &lt;BAWH.SI> and Neptune Orient Lines Ltd.    The ceiling on foreign ownership of SIA should be allowedto rise to 49 pct from the current 20 pct, it said.    "The committee recommends that Temasek Holdings reduces itsstake (in SIA) in tranches to around 30 pct. The size andtiming of each tranche would depend on the absorptive capacityof the Singapore stock market," it added.    Trading in shares of SIA, which has a paid-up capital of619 mln dlrs, closed here today at 10.60 dlrs.    The report said the government's 48 pct stake in DBS, oneof Singapore's four major local banks, should be cut to 30 pctthrough public offerings or dilution by issuing new shares.    Among firms which should not be privatised, nine are to bewound up, it said, including storage and food trading firms.    The report said seven statutory boards should be consideredfor privatisation so as to reduce competition with the privatesector, with a 20 pct ceiling on foreign ownership.    The seven include the Telecommunications Authority ofSingapore, the Public Utilities Board, the Port of SingaporeAuthority, the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and theSingapore Broadcasting Corp.    The latter is least able to be privatised because of thesensitivity of its activities, it said.    "The others can be privatised only after various issues havebeen thoroughly debated and adequate safeguards formulated forpost-privatisation control and regulation," it added.    "The committee recommends that as many government-linkedcompanies as possible should be privatised," the report said.    But it added that there should be "a policy of robustprivatisation where initiative is decentralised and order ismaintained through adequate monitoring, control and direction."    The committee's findings will be subject to final approvalfrom the Ministry of Finance. REUTER&#3;