Phelps Dodge Corp officials said goodfundamentals in copper markets should lead to improving pricesfor the metal.    In an interview with Reuters, chairman G. Robert Durhamsaid continued strong demand and low inventories pushed pricesup eight to nine pct on the New York Commodities Exchange lastmonth.    "Our customers in this country are living off the tailgatesof our trucks," he said, referring to tightness of supply andstrong demand. "The fundamentals are good."       Asked if metal prices will continue to rise, Durham said;"All I know is, fundamentals cannot be ignored."    He said copper supplies are lower than they have been foralmost 20 years. Last year, copper demand was second highest onrecord behind 1984, he said.    Phelps Dodge is the nation's largest copper company, withannual production expected to reach 500,000 tons this year.       During the interview, executive vice president DouglasYearley said he believed it was only a matter of time beforethe copper price rose "because there aren't that many newprojects coming on, and demand, short of a major recession,will continue to grow modestly."    Copper for July delivery rose more than two cts a pound tomore than 69 cents in Comex trading today. A one cent a poundrise in copper prices yields 10 mln dlrs in annual earnings forPhelps Dodge, the company said.    "Demand has been surprisingly good in 1987, in constructionand other areas," Yearley said.       New production later this year from a Bingham, Utah, mineowned by Kennecott Corp, a unit of British Petroleum Co PLC's&lt;BP> Standard Oil Co, a mine in New Guinea and Phelps Dodge'sown expanded Morenci, Ariz., mine will be offset by productionshortfalls in Mexico and Zambia, he said.    Durham said production costs at the New Mexico-locatedChino mine will be in line with conventional copper productionat the company's other mines by the fourth quarter. Thecompany's total production costs, including depreciation butbefore interest and corporate expense, should be below 50 cts apound by late 1989 or 1990, he said. Reuter&#3;