Cyacq Corp, an investor groupbidding for Cyclops Corp, said it would raise its outstandingtender offer price for Cyclops common to 92.50 dlrs a sharefrom 80 dlrs, if certain conditions were met.    The increased offer would exceed the 90.25 dlrs a shareprice offered by Dixons Group PLC in a tender offer for Cyclopsthat is part of a definitive agreement to acquire thePittsburgh-based maker of carbon tool and specialty steelproducts.    Cyacq includes Audio/Video Affiliates Inc and CiticorpCapital Investors Ltd and other investors.    Cyclops has about 4.1 mln shares outstanding.    For the tender price to be raised, Cyclops must provideCyacq with all non-public information provided to Dixons Groupand Cyacq must be satisfied with financial projections made inoffering material by Dixons based on the information, Cyacqsaid.    Additionally, Dixon Group's rights to buy Cyclops commonand its rights to fees or expenses if the Dixon-Cyclop mergeragreement is broken must be rescinded, Cyacq said.    Cyacq said financial projections it developed for Cyclopswere materially lower than the financial projections providedby Cyclops to Dixons Group.    A Cyclops spokeswoman said the company had no details ofthe new Cyacq proposal and could not comment. "We have nothingin hand," she said.    In addition to making specialty metal products, Cyclopsalso operates about 115 specialty stores that sell consumerelectronics products. The stores are located in 17 statesconcentrated in the Northeast, Northwest and Southwest.    Cyclops employs about 8,900 people in Pennsylvania, Ohioand other states. It also has interests in non-residentialconstruction.    In 1986, Cyclops earned 21.3 mln dlrs or 5.26 dlrs a shareon sales of 1.5 billion dlrs, compared to 1985 earnings of 26.2mln dlrs or 6.20 dlrs on sales of 1.4 billion, the spokeswomansaid.    The agreement with Dixons Group calls for Cyclops's steeland construction businesses to be sold to a unit of AlleghanyCorp &lt;Y> for about 110 mln dlrs once the merger is completed.    A Cyacq spokesman said the new conditional tender pricewould be all cash. He had no comment on whether Cyacq plans towithdraw its current offer, which is scheduled to expiremidnight on March six.    Dixon Group's offer extends to March 17.    Reuter&#3;