Saudi Arabia is likely to remain the keysupplier of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) to Japan for at leastthe next five years, oil industry sources said.    Japan, while diversifying its supply sources of propane andbutane for stable supplies, will continue to bank on SaudiArabian LPG, the sources said.    They said Saudi's supply capabilities of LPG, an associateof crude oil, is guaranteed by its crude output capacity. "Saudiis a reliable supplier in that sense," said one trader.    Japan imports about 50 pct of its LPG from Saudi Arabia.    No single nation could substitute for Saudi Arabia as anLPG supply source to Japan, the sources said.    "Saudi Arabia has committed itself to Japanese LPG buyers,which has quelled fears that LPG supplies from the Mideast Gulfcould easily be disrupted in the wake of heightened hostilitiesin that area," said another trader.    Saudi Arabia cut LPG shipments to Japan and elsewhere by 20pct in September after a fire put a major gas plant atAl-Juaimah out of operation. October shipments were back tocontractual volumes as Saudi was able to boost exports fromother ports.    Attacks on Gulf shipping by Iran and Iraq centered on cruderather than products carriers, which has lulled fears of LPGsupply disruptions, traders said.    They said an Iranian blockade of the Strait of Hormuz wasunlikely because it would block Iran's oil shipments.    Industry sources said Japan's LPG imports will not greatlyrise or fall as its domestic demand growth is estimated at amoderate 2.1 pct a year from 1986 through 1991.    Japanese term buyers of Saudi LPG are expected to liftslightly lower volumes from January 1987, when imports fromIndonesia are slated to increase, the sources said.    The customers are unlikely to slash Saudi term purchases inlarge scale when Japan increases annual imports of IndonesianLPG to 1.95 mln tonnes in early 1989 from 319,000 tonnes in theyear ended March 1987, the sources said.    But when demand is sluggish in summer, they will phase downterm purchases of Saudi LPG and secure lower-priced cargoes onthe spot market, they said.    Japan imports some 12 mln tonnes of LPG a year, of which5.3 mln tonnes are supplied by Saudi Arabia, 3.3 mln under termcontracts and two mln through spot purchases. Some 80 pct ofJapan's LPG imports are from the Middle East.    Saudi Arabia's state owned oil company Petromin has madesome concessions on term prices to Japanese customers in therecent round of contract renewal talks, and it is likely theJapanese will accept the offer, the sources said.    The Japanese term customers, however, have so far beenunsuccessful in establishing a transparent price formula toreplace the existing unilateral monthly price notice.    Japanese buyers pay Saudi Arabia a price notified byPetromin each month. Most recently the FOB price was set at 87pct of the 17.52 dlrs per barrel government selling price (GSP)of Arabian Light.    Buyers reserve the right to phase down or out liftingsshould the monthly price be set at over 95 pct of ArabianLight's GSP.    Petromin has offered to lower this rate to 90 pct from the95 pct for contracts with Japanese customers from next January,the trade sources said.    Petromin also suggested that a seller's option of supplyingup to 20 pct more than the contractural volume be subject toseller-buyer agreement.    Under the present contract, Petromin can automatically cutsupplies up to 10 pct of the contractual volume.    "If you want to import LPG from Saudi Arabia on a profitablebasis, you have to set the price factor at 80 to 85 pct," saidan official at a major importer. "Freight costs are higher forcargoes coming from the Gulf than Southeast Asia due to alonger haul and war risk insurance payments."    Japanese customers will visit Saudi Arabia this month tofinalise their separate contract talks, now focusing oncontractual period and volume, which could be very similar tocurrent levels, the sources said. "When we talk business, wewould seek profitability and sometimes forget vulnerability ofhigh dependence on a single supplier," said one. REUTER&#3;