A statement yesterday by Secretaryof State George Shultz after he met with wheat growers thatU.S. agricultural products must be competitively priced wassignificant in that he recognized the importance of the Sovietmarket and the need for U.S. prices to be at world marketlevels, U.S. grain trade industry officials said.    They said that Shultz's comments, while not explicitlyendorsing subsidized wheat sales to the USSR, were noteworthybecause they were not negative towards such action.    In response to a query on what the State Department'sposition is on selling subsidized wheat to Moscow, Shultz toldthe leaders of the National Association of Wheat Growers thatprices must be competitive if the U.S. is going to trade.    The Soviet Union, the world's largest grain importer, hasbought no U.S. wheat for more than a year, complaining theprice was far above world market levels. A U.S. offer last fallto sell the Soviets lower-priced wheat through the exportenhancement program, EEP, was also rebuffed due to the price.    Shultz was said to be adamantly against the U.S. wheatoffer last year and has been reported to be one of the majorobstacles in making another subsidy overture to the SovietUnion, grain industry sources said.    Intense speculation the U.S. might make a fresh EEP wheatoffer to the Soviets has boosted grain prices significantly inrecent trading sessions. Kansas City hard wheat futures roseanother 2-1/4 cents by midday at 2.88-1/4 dlrs per bushel,while CBT March wheat was up 1-1/2 cents at 2.92-1/2 dlrs.    "I'm not sure this is an about-face, but it's clearly arecognition that unless we're competitive, we won't sell to theSoviet Union," said a lobbyst for a major commodity group.    "We have to be competitive. It's ridiculous to say thatsomebody is going to buy your product if they can get the samething at a lower price somewhere else," Shultz told the farmleaders. "That is our approach in negotiations with theSoviets," he said.    If those comments do signal that the State Department is nolonger opposed to the U.S. selling wheat to the USSR under EEP,it certainly improves the chances for an EEP wheat offer toMoscow, an industry lobbyst said.    National Wheat Grower's officials were taking a cautiousattitude towards the secretary's comments.    "His comments were not discouraging, but they didn't in ourjudgment promise any immediate action on EEP," an official withthe wheat group said.    The Wheat Growers official noted, however, that "there issignificance in that fact that we haven't seen any significantnegative commentary on the idea of EEP wheat to the Soviets."    In a meeting with exporters this week, Secretary ofAgriculture Richard Lyng refused to comment on their requestthat the administration offer subsidized wheat to Moscow, theofficials said.    An aide to USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz, who isreported to be strongly opposed to EEP wheat to the Soviets,said that the Shultz comments "are consistent with what he(Shultz) has taught for years as an economist," but said theydon't necessarily relate to the Soviet Union.    Amstutz could not be reached for comment, and an aide toLyng said Lyng would not comment on Shultz's statements.    But trade sources were hopeful that the Shultz comments mayindicate some movement towards EEP wheat to Moscow.    "If he didn't say no, then there's a chance. This ispotentially a positive development," a commodity source said. Reuter&#3;