The Philippines will offer its commercialbank creditors an innovative pricing plan that will make debtpayments through certificates of indebtedness as an alternativeto cash, the authoritative Business Day newspaper said.    Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin told reporters yesterday thealternative proposal is designed to avoid an impasse when debtrescheduling talks reopen in New York on Tuesday.    He did not give details but said, "It is a very usefulalternative and in the end will permit the banks to say thatthey achieved their pricing target and will likewise permit thePhilippines to say exactly the same thing."    Quoting negotiation documents to be presented to thecountry's 12-bank advisory committee, Business Day said thedebt certificates will carry maturities of five or six years.    It said the certificates will be classified as zero-couponbonds or promissory notes with no interest but priced at aconsiderable discount from their redemption price.    It said the debt bonds will entitle holder banks to aguaranteed return on both interest and principal since nopayment of any kind is made until the bond matures.    It said a bank can sell the bonds on the secondary bondmarket for either dlrs or pesos depending on its requirement.    The documents said peso proceeds can be invested inselected industries under the Philippines' debt/equity program.    Ongpin said Manila is sticking to its demand of a spread of5/8 percentage points over London Interbank Offered Rates(LIBOR) for restructuring 3.6 billion dlrs of debt repayments.    "(The proposal) will give the banks a choice of 5/8ths orthe alternative," Ongpin said. "Our representatives have gone toWashington to the (International Monetary) Fund, the (World)Bank, the Fed (Federal Reserve Board) and the (U.S.) Treasuryto brief them in advance on this alternative and it hasgenerally been positively received."    "We don't believe that there is going to be a problem on theaccounting side," Ongpin said. "We have run this alternativeproposal to the accounting firms. Neither have the governmentregulators indicated that there will be a problem." REUTER&#3;