Japanese oil traders generally expect oilprices to remain steady through June, when the nextOrganization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' (Opec) meetingis scheduled to take place.    Prices have kept to a narrow trading range for more than amonth, despite coming under considerable pressure in Februaryas Japanese oil companies holding high oil stocks stronglyresist paying official prices, trade sources said.    Despite these attempts, spot crude rose steadily tostabilize around OPEC's 18 dlr a barrel target, they said.    Spot prices fell more than two dlrs during the month,mainly on market assumptions Opec was producing more than its15.8 mln barrel a day (bpd) self-imposed ceiling and memberswould submit to pressure to discount prices, oil traders said.    However, Opec's discipline in holding its price and outputtargets eventually forced many of the buyers back, they said.    Countries such as Qatar, Iran and Iraq refused to bend todemands for lower prices in spite of threats of non-liftingfrom Japanese buyers.    The solidarity of Opec encouraged Qatar to charter vesselsto store its production rather than cut its prices, they said.    Opec's March production was 14.6 mln bpd, 1.2 mln below itsceiling, with Saudi Arabia's output just below 3.0 mln bpdcompared to its Opec quota of 4.133 mln bpd, the Middle EastEconomic Survey estimated.    "Of course there was a little cheating but not enough todestroy the market," an oil trader in Tokyo said.    Opec crudes have been appearing on the spot market atdiscounted prices through barter deals and the swapping ofMiddle East grades for North Sea cargoes, but these trades havenot generated sufficient volume to depress the market, he said.    The current spot values of Middle East grades are only 20to 25 cts below official prices, so resistance to buying crudeunder term contracts in the second quarter is likely to beweaker, traders said.    Indonesia's Minister of Energy and Mines Subroto said todayOPEC faces the choice of either maintaining present outputvolume at 15.8 mln bpd and seeing prices increase slightly, orraising the production ceiling so members can produce more inthe third and fourth quarters of 1987. REUTER&#3;