The United States has appealed forstronger powers for the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade(GATT) to enforce world trade rules.    The call by U.S. Deputy Trade Representative Michael Smithat a special committee meeting into the future of GATT followsa series of bilateral trade rows which have clouded efforts bythe 93-nation body to promote fair trade.    Today's meeting was part of the Uruguay trade roundlaunched by ministers last September. The round, which covers13 areas of trade in agriculture, manufactured goods andservices will take four years to negotiate.    Smith called for boosting GATT's links with financialinstitutions such as the International Monetary Fund and WorldBank. He also urged greater involvement of trade ministers toensure the success of the Uruguay Round.    "The GATT as an institution needs to be strengthened toassure that the GATT plays its proper role in management of theworld trading system and the global economy," Smith said.    "Rules can and will be ignored if the institution is weak,or perceived as unable to adapt to the changing world economy."    He also also urged that member states be accountable toeach other for their trade policies.    Smith, who flies to Brussels today for talks with EuropeanCommunity (EC) officials, told Reuters the committee wanted tostress GATT's importance and did not discuss specifics.    "We are interested in more periodic ministerialinvolvement...Whether in formal or informal meetings," he said.    GATT's ruling council is due to hear a complaint from the12-nation EC on April 15 about the U.S.-Japanese accord onsemiconductors. The EC charges the accord breached GATT traderules by allowing Tokyo to set minimum prices for Japanesechips sold in third countries and is requesting a GATT disputepanel be set up to review the agreement.    President Reagan, who strongly supported the Uruguay traderound to promote freer trade, has said Washington will imposetariffs against Japanese electronic goods.    He said Tokyo had not shown willingness to open its marketsto U.S. Exports. REUTER&#3;