Pennzoil Co lawyers said they plan tofile documents challenging Texaco Inc's Chapter 11 bankruptcyproceedings in the Southern District of New York.    John Jeffers, a Houston lawyer representing Pennzoil in its10.53 billion dlr dispute with Texaco over the acquisition ofGetty Oil Co, said he expected the challenge to be filedsometime this week.    "We'll challenge it as a bad faith filing," Jeffers toldReuters following a brief hearing before a Texas State Court ofAppeals.    The court had been scheduled to hear arguments on a Texacomotion to reduce the amount of bond required for it to appealthe judgement.    Instead, the court agreed with Texaco lawyers that theissue was moot because of Texaco's bankruptcy petition filedyesterday that stays all of its debts and obligations.    "We think they abused the process," Jeffers said, referringto Texaco's bankruptcy filing.    D. J. Baker, a lawyer representing Texaco, told reportersthat the nation's third largest oil company was forced to seekbankruptcy protection because of its precarious fianncialcondition and problems with suplliers and bankers stemming fromthe 10.53 billion dlr judgement.    "All activity after the filing can be conducted on normalbusiness terms," Baker said.    He said Texaco would seek permission from the court tocontinue its appeal in Texas courts of the Pennzoil judgement.    "There will be no bond required because all state courtlitigation has been stayed," Baker said.    When asked whether Texaco's reorganization plan wouldinclude major restructuring of the company, Baker declined tosay what the eventual plan might include.    "I think Texaco will succesfully complete its Chapter 11proceedings and have a reorganization plan approved by thecourt," he said.    Baker said Texaco expected Pennzoil to seek a seat on acreditors' committee to be appointed by the bankruptcy courtsbut added he did not know whether Texaco would oppose such anattempt.    Lawyers for both sides also said that each companycontinued to be interested in a possible settlement, butdeclined to say whether any negotiations were scheduled betweenthe two companies.    "Texaco has tried to settle and will continue and try andsettle," Baker said.    The two companies reportedly remain far apart in what eachconsiders to be a fair settlement, with Pennzoil seekingbetween three and five billion dlrs, while Texaco hasmaintained it cannot pay more than about one billion dlrs,according to analysts. Reuter&#3;