The West German car industry celebrated its100th birthday with a record-breaking 1986 performance at homeand is due to turn in another set of solid results in 1987.    But share market analysts warn it faces continued problemsfrom the strong German mark and predict increasingly aggressivecompetition in Europe from the Japanese.    On the plus side for the industry, which is West Germany'sbiggest foreign exchange earner, the analysts are confident thetechnical superiority and innovative qualities of the luxuryproducers will help them maintain a strong market profile.    Most analysts thought Daimler-Benz AG &lt;DAIG.F> would dobest this year but expected Dr. Ing. H.C.F. Porsche AG &lt;PSHG.F>to continue its slide because of the weak U.S. Dollar.    They were generally optimistic for Bayerische Motoren WerkeAG &lt;BMWG.F> (BMW) but some were sceptical it could match record1986 profits. Views were mixed on Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>, butsome analysts took comfort from the fact that Europe's leadingcar maker had apparently put a major currency scandal behindit.    VW could be vulnerable as Japanese exporters, sufferingfrom the strength of the yen against the dollar, switched theirsales offensive from the U.S. To Europe, they said.    Analyst Joseph Rooney with brokers James Capel in London,noted the Japanese drive was coming at a time when the wholeEuropean market was expected to contract slightly.    But analysts saw most German manufacturers meeting thechallenge, even though the Japanese were now starting to focuson the up-market sector.    BMW's chairman Eberhard von Kuenheim shrugged off theJapanese drive in an interview with Wirtschaftswoche magazine."Iview the move by the Japanese into the top class with a certainequanimity. Not only are we playing on home turf, we also havetechnical superiority," he said.    The car industry benefitted last year from clarification ofdomestic rules on low-pollution cars, which meant orders putoff in 1985 were carried out the following year. Tax cutsgenerally boosted domestic demand, especially for cars.    Domestic registrations leapt by nearly 19 pct to a record2.8 mln cars. The VDA industry association says this might easeto 2.7 mln in 1987, but predicts another good year.    Looking to the future, Daimler has designated 16 billionmarks for car sector spending in the next five years. ChairmanWerner Breitschwerdt says spending is not aimed at quantity butimproving high quality technology and accessories.    Analyst Stephen Reitman with Phillips and Drew in London,said Daimler had the best earnings profile of West Germanproducers, with group profits per share rising to 80 marks from78.8 in 1986.    Analysts were more cautious about VW. Reinhard Fischer withBank in Liechtenstein (BiL) in Frankfurt saw VW's groupearnings per share falling to 35 marks in 1987 from 42 in 1986.A recent report from his bank said last year's currency losseswere a sign of mismanagement.    It stressed heavy losses from VW's Brazilian operations andits Spanish unit, SEAT.    VW's first quarter figures also highlighted problems inboth the U.S. And Brazil, analysts said.    VW reported flat first quarter earnings, except for a 39.2pct fall in U.S. Sales and Brazilian sales which dived 46.5pct.    Reitman was more optimistic than BiL about VW's 1987 groupearnings and, predicting an improvement in both Spain andBrazil, he saw an unchanged 42 marks per share, ,    He also said that VW now stood to benefit from not hedgingagainst foreign exchange fluctuations.    In a May 1 study, he wrote: "One point in VW's favour isthat its extraordinary policy of not hedging forward has meantthat it will have less far to go in adjusting to currentDM/Dollar rates than the other German manufacturers who were toa lesser or greater extent protected up to 1986."    Reitman was also reassured by the apparent end of thecurrency scandal, where allegedly faked forward contracts werenot acknowledged by VW's banks. VW fixed final losses from thefraud at 473 mln marks for which provisions were made in 1986.    VW's new Audi 80, a sporty model which German media reportssay was designed to jazz up Audi's staid "Grandpa" image,contributed significantly to VW's first quarter performance.The 80 doubled its sales against the year-ago level.    But the Audi range as a whole has suffered a huge setbackin the U.S. Because of an image problem linked to claims of"unintentional acceleration."    Von Kuenheim won't be pinned down on BMW's 1987 profits,but at a news conference he emphasised 1986 earnings were arecord high. Without referring to 1987, he added: "If profitsare less in one year or the other they will still be good."    Rooney said group profits per share, which BMW does notpublish, would rise to 62.5 marks this year. Some analysts putthe 1986 group profit at 60 marks, a figure BMW does not deny.    But Reitman was more pessimistic, predicting 50 marks pershare in 1987, and a return to 60 next year. He said: "BMW willbe the story of 1988," when it plans to launch an updatedversion of its Five series.    BMW also has a big investment programme under way and Bil'sFischer said depreciations could affect earnings. Otheranalysts pointed to possible hedging problems and Reitman noteda 2.10 marks to the dollar hedge expired this September.    Reitman said the outlook for Porsche was bearish for theyear to end-July, 1987. Porsche's 1985/86 group profits at 84marks per share fell 30 pct from the record 120 marks in1984/85 and Reitman saw 60 marks in 1986/87.    "With the U.S. Currently accounting for 63 pct of unit sales(this is expected to fall to 60 pct in the full year 1986/87)Porsche's earnings remain uncomfortably exposed to theDM/dollar relationship," he said. REUTER&#3;