British Petroleum Co Plc does notintend to raise the price of its planned 70 dlr per share offerfor the publicly held 45 pct of Standard Oil Co, BP ManagingDirector David Simon said.    "We don't seen this as any progressive bidding game," hetold reporters at a news conference. BP now owns 55 pct ofStandard's stock.    Simon said BP had carefully considered the amount of itsplanned bid and he quoted an oil analyst, whom he would notidentify, as saying BP's careful evaluation means the companyis not going to raise its offer.    "I think that (an increase) would be totally wrong. I thinkthe price is very fair and it is much to early to speculateabout ligigation," he said. "Let's wait and see how the offerruns."    Another official declined to speculate under whatcircumstances BP might raise its bid.    The BP official said the 70 dlrs a share offer is 7.2 timesStandard's 1986 cash flow and 56 pct above an independentevaluation of the company's assets, including the value of itsoil, natural gas liquids and natural gas reserves.    He said the price Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD> &lt;SC> paidfor publicly held Shell Oil Co shares in 1985 was 5.1 timescash flow.    The BP official also said the 70 dlr bid is a 40 pctpremium over Standard's stock price over the past year.    BP Group Treasurer Rodney Chase said more than half to asmuch as two-third's of the 7.4 billion dlrs BP needs for itsoffer will come from existing sources. The rest will befinanced by new debt.    BP will draw in cash from its operating companies aroundthe world and is also arranging a five billion dlr line ofcredit, he explained.    The company's debt to equity ratio will rise 11 or 12percentage points from the current 33 pct if the offer iscompleted, Chase said. But the ratio will be back below 40 pctwithin 12 months, he added.    Chase also said 50 to 60 pct of Standard Oil's publiclyheld shares are held by financial institutions.    Simon said Standard's board was informed of the offer onMarch nine and has been considering it since that time.    He said BP does not expect any regulatory problems thatwould delay completion of the acquisition. "We have informedWashington of our intentions and we've already been an integralpart of ownership of U.S. oil reserves," he pointed out.    Simon said there is a good chance that current world oilprices of about 18 dlrs a barrel could be maintained, and thatthe more stable market is due mostly to changes in policy inSaudi Arabia and other OPEC members to control oil production.    "We think there are signals that current conditions aremore favorable than they have been for sometime," Simon said.    "We have hopes for greater stability, but we do not seeprices going much higher," he added. Reuter&#3;