British foreign secretary Sir GeoffreyHowe told his EC colleagues on Monday that Britain wantsagreement by December on a detailed plan to curb EC farmspending if it is to sanction an increase in EC budgetaryresources.    British diplomatic sources quoted Howe as saying that anaccord containing detailed figures and involving immediatepenalties for farmers in the case of overproduction must bereached in advance of an EC heads of government summit meetingin December.    "We require numbers as well as words in all the commodityregimes," Howe was quoted as saying.    The EC Commission proposed last month a plan for "budgetarystabilisers" under which there would be reductions in guaranteedprices, restrictions of sales into intervention or increases incoresponsibility levies if output of individual commoditiesexceeded certain levels.    Britain has so far given the clearest backing to the idea,although several other EC states back it in outline.    Diplomats say Britain can exercise some leverage on theissue because the EC is in a severe budgetary crisis from whichit can only emerge if all 12 member states agree to revise thesystem by which it is financed.    The sources quoted Howe as saying: "An interim or partialsolution covering some elements of the Commission package wouldbe unacceptable to the United Kingdom."    They said he insisted that any penalties imposed on farmersfor exceeding production limits must take effect in the samemarketing year as the overproduction, rather than resulting ina price adjustment the following year.    Howe also said there should be no question of a specialfund which could top up EC farm coffers in the event of anunexpected development such as a major fall in the value of thedollar.    The Commission has suggested such a fund to deal withemergency situations.    French EC affairs minister Bernard Bosson told journaliststhat his country could not accept the idea that there should beno emergency reserve.    "The British position has become tougher," he said.    Howe was speaking at a meeting of EC foreign ministers,which discussed the future of EC finances, and which took placesimultaneously with a farm ministers' meeting to consider theCommission's farm spending proposals.    Before his meeting got under way, British agricultureminister John MacGregor said he backed the Commission proposalto set the 1988 cereals production ceiling at 155 mln tonnes. Reuter&#3;