Traders recently returned from West Africasay some producers there are dismayed by the ineffective actionso far by the International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) bufferstock manager on buffer stock purchases.    One trader said some West African producers are annoyed theBuffer Stock manager is not playing his part as required by theInternational Cocoa Pact to stabilise prices from current lows.    So far, only 21,000 tonnes of second hand cocoa have beentaken up for buffer stock purposes and this, traders noted,only on an intermittent basis.    They noted the purchases, of 8,000 tonnes in the first weekhe bought and 13,000 in the second, are well short of thelimitations of no more than 5,000 tonnes in one day and 20,000in one week which the cocoa agreement places on him.    The traders recently returned from West Africa sayproducers there are unhappy about the impact on cocoa prices sofar, noting producing countries are part of the internationalcocoa pact and deserve the same treatment as consumers.    London traders say terminal market prices would have togain around 300 stg a tonne to take the ICCO 10-day averageindicator to its 1,935 sdr per tonne midway point (or referenceprice).    However, little progress has been made in that direction,and the 10-day average is still well below the 1,600 sdr lowerintervention level at 1,562.87 from 1,569.46 previously.    The buffer stock manager may announce today he will bemaking purchases tomorrow, although under the rules of theagreement such action is not automatic, traders said.    Complaints about the inaction of the buffer stock managerare not confined to West African producers, they observed.    A Reuter report from Rotterdam quoted industry sourcesthere saying Dutch cocoa processors also are unhappy with theintermittent buffer stock buying activities.    In London, traders expressed surprise that no more than21,000 tonnes cocoa has been bought so far against totalpotential purchases under the new agreement of 150,000 tonnes.Carryover holdings from the previous International CocoaAgreement in the stock total 100,000 tonnes.    Terminal prices today rose by up to 10 stg a tonne fromFriday's close, basis July at its high of 1,271.    It seems that when the buffer stock manager is absent fromthe market, prices go up, while when he declares his intentionto buy, quite often the reverse applies, traders said. Reuter&#3;