The National Association of SecuritiesDealers said all stock exchanges should require that listedcompanies adopt a "one-share, one-vote" rule, but with a fewexceptions.    In a letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission, NASDPresident Gordon Macklin said the group would be happy to bethe first exchange to adopt a uniform rule but with certainexceptions.    "Clearly the NASD would willingly be the first to do so. Ifa voluntary private sector resolution is not practical, thenthe commission should adopt the rule to apply to all markets,"the NASD said.    An NASD study found that 95 percent of the companies in theOTC offered only one class of stock.    The NASD proposal calls for all stock markets to have auniform rule which would emphasize the principle of equalvoting rights, but allow for legitimate variations.    The NASD would allow companies to issue shares that do nothave voting rights as long as the limitation is clearly spelledout to investors. It wants to prevent listed companies fromturning voting shares into non-voting shares, withoutshareholder approval, Parrillo said.    "A uniform rule should be written to cure what has beenconstrued by some to be an abusive practice involving the useof stock with other than full voting rights," the associationsaid in the statement.    Exceptions would include:    -- shares in a registerd public offering where all factsconnected with the company's capital structure are clearlyspelled out in the prospectus.    -- shares issued in connection with a merger, acquisitionor recapitalization where the exchange of shares is accompaniedby detailed proxy material.    The NYSE rule would allow companies to have a dual class ofstock only if a majority of publicly held shares and a majorityof independent directors on the board approve the move. TheNYSE has allowed its few listed companies which have dualclasses to continue trading, pending approval from the SEC.    The NASD specifically wants to disallow issuance of dualclass shares where those with superior voting rights are notresalable. Parillo said such a provision would in effectprevent a firm from ever being purchased by anyone else. Reuter&#3;