Chicago physician LeRoy Pesch said hehas had discussions with several American Medical InternationalInc shareholders and sees support for a restructuring of thecompany.    Pesch said he has discussed his sweetened, 1.91 billion dlrtakeover bid for American Medical with several largeshareholders, including the biggest investor, the Bass familyof Texas. However, the Bass family has not indicated supportone way or the other for his offer, he said.    Pesch, in an interview with Reuters, said based on theconversations he held with shareholders, he could not guagewhether he had majority support. He said, however, there issupport for his offer.    Pesch would not identify shareholders with whom he helddiscussions other than the Bass family and the Wedge Group Inc,the only other holder of more than five pct of American Medicalstock.    Earlier today, Wedge Group, which has a 5.5 pct stake, said it held discussions with Pesch, American Medicalmanagement and other American Medical shareholders.    Wedge, in a filing with the Securities and ExchangeCommission, said it believes a restructuring of AmericanMedical and its business would be "highly desirable andappropriate at this time."    "That's the sort of position that I find a large segment ofshareholders of AMI really share," said Pesch.    Pesch said he held discussions with Wedge about joining histakeover effort, in which he is offering 17 dlrs cash, fourdlrs in preferred stock and one dlr in common stock for eachAmerican Medical share. Wedge said it has no plans to join inan effort to seek control of American Medical, but it would notrule out a future takeover try.    Pesch said he did not discuss a joint takeover proposalwith the Bass family.    Some analysts saw the Wedge statement as a boost to Pesch'stakeover effort and a further sign that there could be someshareholder dissatisfaction following American Medical'sprevious rejection of a 20 dlr per share all cash offer fromPesch.    American Medical is expected to resist Pesch's latest bid.Larry Feinberg, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc said amanagement-led leveraged buyout cannot be ruled out.    An American Medical spokesman said the company will commenton the new Pesch offer by March 10.    Analysts continue to view the Bass family as a factor inthe outcome of the bid for control of American Medical.    The Bass family holds an 11. 6 pct stake in AmericanMedical, and the company has previously said the investorssupport management's internal plan to improve the company'sperformance. The Bass family would not comment on AmericanMedical or Pesch.    Pesch, who led the leveraged buyout of Republic Health Corplast year, continues to face a credibilty problem on WallStreet because of the long time it took to finish the Republicacquisition.    Republic also has substantial debt, and has left wallstreet questioning whether financing can be completed for themuch larger American Medical takeover proposal.    Pesch's first offer for American Medical was made withoutan investment banking firm, another cause for concern to WallStreet. However, Pesch entered his second offer withrepresentation from Donaldson, Lufkin, and Jenrette Securitiesand Security Pacific Merchant Banking Group.    "I don't have any doubt that the current transaction can beworked out and completed, provided we get to the point whereAmi management will sit down and talk in a friendlyenvironment," Pesch said.    Pesch would not elaborate on what type of financingarrangements are being made. He did say if he succeeds inacquiring American Medical he plans to keep much of AmericanMedical management in place.    He said he plans to combine the company with Republic toform an efficient network of hospitals.    Analysts said they do not believe a much higher offer couldbe made for American Medical.    Byron Nimocks of E.F. Hutton Group said improved secondfiscal quarter earnings could make American Medical stock worthabout 20 dlrs per share.    Nimocks estimates American Medical earnings for the secondquarter ended February 28 could be 35 cts, compared to a 95 ctloss last year.    Nimocks said Pesch's revised offer is not worth much morethan the 20 dlrs cash offered previously.    But Feinberg said there is a better chance a transactioncould be completed because of the revised structure of theoffer. "I think it's much more doable," he said.    Analysts have said American Medical has begun a turnaroundby replacing some members of management and reducing costs. Reuter&#3;