Egypt has embarked on reforms sought bythe International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank byraising the price of diesel oil and other types of transportfuels.    The energy price increases were the first visible measurestaken in return for IMF standby credits and World Bank loans.    Effective today, fuel oil prices were trebled and prices ofgas oil, diesel and kerosene went up by over 50 pct, anEgyptian General Petroleum Corp (EGPC) official said. He saidfuel oil will sell for 28 Egyptian pounds a ton, instead of 7.5pounds.    Kerosene and gas oil were raised by 66 pct to sell for fivepiasters a litre, while diesel rose 50 pct to 4.5 piasters.    The government is expected also to act soon, possibly asearly as next weekend, to simplify the country's complexexchange rate system, bankers said.    Moving towards a more realistic exchange rate for the poundwas part of a package of reforms sought by the IMF and creditorgovernments. In return, Egypt stands to receive up to onebillion dlrs in IMF standby credits phased over three years tohelp it repay its 38.6 billion dlr foreign debt and guaranteerescheduling by western governments, the main creditors.    Energy price increases were also a condition of progress onWorld Bank project loans of up to 800 mln dlrs in energy,communications and other sectors which have been undernegotiation for several months, western diplomats said.    The U.S. And Western Europe have pledged political backingfor President Hosni Mubarak's government, committed to amulti-party political system and peace with Israel andstrategically poised in control of the Suez Canal.    Fuel price rises, postponed at least once and likely tolead to higher retail prices of basic goods, were a test of thegovernment's resolve to pursue economic reform, diplomats said.    But the new prices are still below world market levels.    There was no announcement of increases in more politicallysensitive products such as gasoline or natural gas, used forcooking, and the mass-circulation Al-Akhbar newspaper said theywould stay the same.    Official comment was not available on speculation amongbankers and diplomats that the Central Bank would soon tinkerwith the pound's exchange rates to try to channel more dollarsinto the banking system away from the illegal but toleratedfree market.    The Central Bank was expected to set up a committee inwhich 10 commercial banks, including the four state-ownedbanks, would decide the pound's value every day.    The official "incentive rate," currently set by the CentralBank daily, is around 1.36 pounds to the dollar, against 2.15on the free market.    Bankers predicted that the banks' committee might set ratesaround 1.80 or 1.90. But some doubted this would serve the aimof curbing the free market. REUTER&#3;