Schlumberger Ltd most likely has analternate buyer lined up for its Fairchild Semiconductor unit,Wall Street analysts said.    "I think its clear that in cancelling its agreement withFujitsu, Schlumberger has signaled that it has another deal inthe works," said Paul Johnson, a semiconductor analyst withL.F. Rothschild.    "There are unquestionably other buyers out there," addedKidder Peabody analyst Adam F. Cuhney. "A lot of companies havelooked at Fairchild and would be willing to buy it."    Among the companies that would be interested in bidding forFairchild are Advanced Micro Devices &lt;AMD>, Sunnyvale, Calif.,and LSI Logic Corp &lt;LLSI>, Milpitas, Calif., industry analystssaid.    Top U.S. chipmakers like National Semiconductor Corp &lt;NSM>,Texas Instruments Inc &lt;TXN> and Motorola Inc &lt;MOT> might alsoseek to buy Fairchild, but could possibly run into antitrustproblems, the analysts added.    Moreover, Fairchild's management is thought to beconsidering proposing a leveraged buyout of the Cupertino,Calif., company, analysts said.    In a brief statement announcing the termination of theagreement with Fujitsu, Schlumberger said the decision openedup other possibilities, including a possible buyout byFairchild management.    The company said it ended the deal, in which Fujitsu wouldhave bought 80 pct of Fairchild for an estimated 200 mln dlrs,because rising opposition to the deal by the Reaganadministration made it unlikely that the sale could becompleted within a reasonable period of time.    Analysts questioned this explanation, however, arguing thatthe companies did not need government approval to complete thetransaction. Both Schlumberger and Fujitsu are foreigned-ownedcompanies.    "Schlumberger would not have terminated the deal becausethe U.S. government didn't want it," said Johnson of L.F.Rothschild.    A spokesman for Schlumberger declined to elaborate on thecompany's news release.    He said only that the company was reviewing a number ofpossible alternatives for the Fairchild unit.    Officials at Fairchild and Fujitsu were not immediatelyavailable for comment.    Analysts noted the significance of the government'sapparent success in preventing Fujitsu from taking control ofFairchild.    Administration officials, including Commerce SecretaryMalcolm Baldrige and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger,feared that the sale to Fujitsu would lead to Japanese controlof key semiconductor technology for supercomputers and militaryweapons systems.    "The government really stood up for the semiconductorindustry," said Johnson of L.F. Rothschild. "That, I think, isthe real significance of this."    Consequently, analysts said, the Japanese government mightnow feel more pressure to address U.S. complaints aboutJapanese chipmakers' violation of the semiconductor tradeagreement signed last summer. Reuter&#3;