European Community farm ministersplunged the bloc into a crisis today by ending a marathonnegotiation on 1987/88 farm prices without agreement.    Their chairman, Belgian Paul de Keersmaeker, told a pressconference this morning ministers gave a majority vote infavour of all aspects of an EC Commission compromise proposalintroduced on Tuesday.    However, the minority against the crucial plan for a tax onvegetable and marine oils and fats was big enough to block itsadoption, and British Agriculture Minister John MacGregor saidother aspects of the proposals are likely to be vetoed.    MacGregor said the meeting foundered in part because of animplicit indication from the West Germans that they wereprepared to veto two other aspects of the package, the futuremonetary compensatory amounts system and proposals directlyconnected with common prices.    De Keersmaeker said he will now consider when ministersshould be called for further talks, but diplomats said theoutcome of the meeting makes it almost certain the majoroutstanding issues will be referred to EC heads of governmentwho hold a summit meeting on June 29 and 30 in Brussels.    A Commission official said the Commission will work outstopgap measures which it will bring in on July 1 if thedeadlock persists. These will concern products such as cereals,colza, sugar, beef and milk, for which there would otherwise beno legal EC regulations from that date.    Trade sources expect these will include a seven pct cut inguaranteed prices for most cereals.    The official said the measures "will take into account thesituation in the market, but also the EC's severe budgetarysituation."    The Commission was expecting an EC budget deficit this yearof almost six billion dlrs even before it presented itscompromise, which would have cost almost one billion more. Itestimates the oils and fats tax would bring in 2.3 billion dlrsin a full year.    Diplomats said Britain, West Germany and the Netherlandsmaintained their opposition to the tax despite Commissionattempts to persuade them it would not unfairly hit exportsfrom countries outside the EC.    They added Denmark did not formally state its finalposition but was understood to remain against. REUTER&#3;