Japanese investors are reluctant to buyWest German stocks, now considered one of the most attractivebuys around after having taken a beating for the past twoyears, investment managers said.    Although the Frankfurt stock market is one of the world'slargest in capitalisation, wealthy Japanese institutions viewit as too small. They also worry about venturing into a marketfrom which British investors have recently bailed out, theysaid.    "There's not enough turnover there to absorb the amount ofbuying Japanese want to do," one West German investment managersaid. There is a danger Japanese institutions may be unable toliquidate their holdings quickly if the market takes a suddendownturn, he added.    "Japanese familiarity with West German stocks is alsolimited," another investment manager said. "They know the bluechips, but there are too many other names they don't know."    The recent rapid advance of the Tokyo stock market has alsodeterred Japanese from wandering off to markets abroad,investment managers said.    Japanese fund managers are afraid of criticism if they buyinto unsure overseas markets while the market at home continuesto advance, said Seiji Yamamoto, senior manager at Dresdner ABDSecurities Ltd's Tokyo branch.    If gains from investments abroad lag behind those possiblefrom the Tokyo market, they could face difficulty explainingtheir funds' performance, he added.    The Frankfurt market's 15 pct depreciation just since thebeginning of this year has also been causing Japanese investorsto turn away, one investment manager said.    The Frankfurt slump stems from expectations of slowcorporate growth due to the mark's strength against the dollarand a withdrawal of funds by British institutions just beforethe London market's liberalisation last year, the investmentmanager said. "Right now Japanese investors are taking await-and-see attitude while the condition of the market remainsunfavourable," he said.    Although there has been some nibbling of West Germanstocks, particularly last week, most of the buys were forshort-term trades rather than long-term investments, aninvestment advisor at a West German firm said.    Investment managers believe, however, that genuine interestin West German stocks could develop within the next three tosix months.    Japanese fund managers still favour the New York and theLondon markets over the Frankfurt market but they areinterested in diversifying some of their funds, they said.    Some managers have been travelling in Europe, looking fornew opportunities, and are unlikely to ignore West Germanstocks, especially with the average price/earnings ratio atabout 11, they said.    The Frankfurt ratio compares with about 16 for the U.S. AndLondon markets and 52 for the Japanese market, GuenterKirchhain, first vice president for Deutsche Bank AG said.    "This mismatching will sooner or later generate an enormousalignment potential," he said. The West German market couldreasonably have an average price/earnings ratio of around 16,he added.    Japanese investment plans may soon become clearer as manyinstitutions begin their new business years in April, he said.    However, one fund manager does not agree that newinvestment in West Germany will come that soon.    "Japanese do not buy into a market with decliningfundamentals," he said. When West Germany's fundamental economicindicators appear to have bottomed out, that will be theturning point for their investments, he added.    Another manager said the Japanese are waiting to see theinvestment trends set by U.S. And British investors in the WestGerman market.    "They are waiting for someone to make the first move," hesaid. REUTER&#3;