Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone soundeda conciliatory note in Japan's increasingly bitter row with theUnited States over trade in computer microchips.    "Japan wants to resolve the issue through consultations byexplaining its stance thoroughly and correcting the points thatneed to be corrected," he was quoted by Kyodo News Service assaying.    While expressing regret over America's decision to imposetariffs on imports of Japanese electrical goods, Nakasone saidTokyo was willing to send a high-level official to Washingtonto help settle the dispute.    Government officials said Japan would make a formal requestnext week for emergency talks and that the two sides wouldprobably meet the week after, just days before the April 17deadline set by Washington for the tariffs to take effect.    Tokyo is expected to propose a joint U.S./Japaninvestigation of American claims that Japanese companies aredumping cut-price chips in Asian markets.    Yesterday, Washington announced plans to put as much as 300mln dlrs in tariffs on imports of certain Japanese electronicgoods in retaliation for what it sees as Tokyo's failure tolive up to their bilateral chip pact.    That agreement, hammered out late last year after months ofheated negotiations, called on Japan to stop selling cut-pricechips in world markets and to buy more American-made chips.    Nakasone's comments seemed distinctly more conciliatorythan those of his Trade and Industry Minister, Hajime Tamura,who earlier today said Japan was ready to take "appropriatemeasures" if Washington went ahead with the sanctions.    Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI)officials later sought to downplay the significance of Tamura'sremark and said that his main message was that the two sidesneed to talk urgently about the issue.    But they admitted that Japan was considering taking theUnited States to GATT, the Geneva-based internationalorganization which polices world trade, if Washington imposedthe tariffs.    Any Japanese action would probably be taken under Article23 of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), theysaid. If that article were invoked, GATT would set up a panelto consider the legality of the U.S. Action.    But officials here said they hope that can be avoided. "Itmay be wishful thinking but there is a possibility the UnitedStates may lift its decision at an early date," Tamura said.    In announcing the U.S. Sanctions yesterday, PresidentRonald Reagan said he was prepared to lift them once he hadevidence that Japan was no longer dumping chips in worldmarkets and had opened up its own market to imports.    Japanese government officials said they are confident theycan make the pact work.    They said that the export of cut-price Japanese chipsthrough unregulated distributors has all but dried up afterMITI instructed domestic makers to cut output.    While acknowledging that it is harder to increase Japaneseimports of American chips, MITI officials said that theministry is doing all it can to ensure that happens.    The Ministry recently called on Japan's major chip users,some of whom are also leading producers, to step up theirpurchases of foreign semiconductors.    A spokesman for one of the companies, Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T>said his firm would do just that and could announce its plansin the next week or so. He expects other Japanese companies todo likewise. REUTER&#3;