Sales of new single-family homestumbled 14.9 pct in May from April levels because of highermortgage interest rates, analysts said.    "There should be another month or two of very weak new homesales but with interest rates stabilizing, sale of new homesshould become more stable by mid-summer," said economistLawrence Chimerine of Wharton Econometrics Inc.    The drop in May, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of616,000 units, was the largest since January 1982, the CommerceDepartment said.    Interest rates on conventional mortgages bottomed out atabout 9.08 pct in March and rose to about 10.7 pct in April,according to Stephen Roach, economist at Morgan Stanley.    The effect was to freeze some potential new homebuyers outof the market, he and others said.    "The rates moved very suddenly and were certainlyunexpected by homebuyers," said Cynthia Latta, an economistwith Data Resources. "They were so startled, they wanted tohold back and see what would happen."    The drop in sales of new single-family home sales wassharper than expected, some economists said. "We fully expecteda decline but the extent was more than we anticipated," saidJames Christian, chief economist for the U.S. League of SavingsInstitutions.    Christian said there was a sharp rise in May in sales ofexisting homes, which are generally less expensive than newhomes.    Latta of Data Resources said strong sales of newcondominiums in the Northeast and on the West Coast werereflected in sales of existing but not new homes.    Christian of the U.S. League of Savings Institutions said,"Underlying housing demand remains strong. I think the marketis going to stabilize and give us a good second half."    Others were less optimistic, however.    "We clearly won't have a boom (in new home sales) but Idon't think this is the start of a collapse in single-familyhousing," said Chimerine of Wharton.    Eugene Sherman, chief economist of the Federal Home LoanBank of New York, said, "The lower sales level will bemaintained for awhile until there is another change in rates.There won't be much specific improvement in coming months." Reuter&#3;