Rockwell International Corp is raising200 mln dlrs through an offering of notes due 1997 yielding7.682 pct, said lead underwriter Daiwa Securities America Inc.    An officer on Daiwa's corporate syndicate desk said hebelieved this was Rockwell's first debt offering since 1984,when the company tapped the Euromarkets.    Daiwa, the U.S. unit of Daiwa Securities Co Ltd of Japan,has become the first foreign bookrunner in the U.S. corporatedebt market this year. The firm is sustaining a trend thatfirst emerged in early 1986, investment bankers said.    Daiwa headed a syndicate that won the Rockwell notes incompetitive bidding. Rockwell has a net interest charge of7.722 pct for the issue, the Daiwa officer said.    The Japanese firm bid the notes at 98.473 and set a couponof 7-1/2 pct and reoffering price of 98.75 to yield 46 basispoints more than comparable Treasury securities.    Underwriters away from the syndicate said they believed the46 basis point spread over Treasuries was aggressive. They saida premium of 50 basis points or more would have been moreappropriate. "It looks like Daiwa submitted a kamikaze bid justto get the business," said one competitor.    However, the Daiwa officer defended his firm's pricing ofthe deal.    "Because Rockwell has not floated debt since 1984, thecompany's note issue is a museum piece," he said.    The officer said he believed the Rockwell paper would sellquickly, mostly because the company is well known and has nottapped the debt market in three years.    "Investors are hungry for high-grade debt issued byhousehold names," agreed one corporate bond trader.    Non-callable for seven years, the issue is rated Aa-2 byMoody's and AA by Standard and Poor's.    Daiwa became the second foreign firm to manage an offeringin the domestic debt market in September 1986 when it won incompetitive bidding 125 mln dlrs of 10-year first mortgagebonds of General Telephone Co of California, a unit of GTE Corp&lt;GTE>.    It followed the lead of UBS Securities Inc, the U.S. unitof Union Bank of Switzerland. UBS won its first deal in June1986 when it bid for, and won, 100 mln dlrs of Allied-SignalInc &lt;ALD> debentures due 2016.    UBS brought two negotiated deals to the marketplace afterthat.    UBS led in late June an offering of 100 mln dlrs offive-year notes issued by Transamerica Financial Corp, asubsidiary of Transamerica Corp &lt;TA>. That following SeptemberUBS priced as sole underwriter 100 mln dlrs of Borg-Warner Corp&lt;BOR> notes due 1991.    In early December Nomura Securities International Incbecame the third, and so far last, foreign securities firm tomanage a U.S. offering. The U.S. unit of Nomura Securities CoLtd of Japan, acting as sole underwriter, won in competitivebidding 250 mln dlrs of extendible notes of General ElectricCredit Corp, a subsidiary of General Electric Co &lt;GE>.    The Rockwell deal is Daiwa's second as lead underwriter.    Last December, Daiwa and Nomura were named primary dealersby the Federal Reserve, along with L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg,Towbin Inc and Security Pacific National Bank.    UBS, Nikko Securities Co International Inc and YamaichiInternational (America) Inc have also applied to the Fed forprimary dealership status.    Primary dealers are considered an elite group of firmsbecause they are approved to purchase U.S. Treasury securitiesdirectly from the Fed's agent, the Federal Reserve Bank of NewYork, investment bankers explained. Reuter&#3;