Strikes by Brazil's 40,000seamen and by petrol station owners in four states are causingmajor headaches to a government already wrestling with a debtcrisis.    A week ago seamen began their first national strike for 25years and union leaders say they have seriously affectedBrazilian exports by making idle 160 ships.    On February 20 the Brazilian government suspended interestpayments on part of its huge foreign debt following a sharpdeterioration in its trade balance.    Today the government faced a fresh problem, when mostpetrol station owners in Sao Paulo, the country's industrialheartland, and in three other states closed down to press forhigher fuel prices.    There were fears that the combination of the two stoppagescould lead to a serious fuel shortage.    The seamen's leaders say their strike has halted 48 of the72 ships belonging to the state oil company Petrobras.    The Jornal do Brasil newspaper, in an editorial todayentitled "Dangerous Confrontation," said: "From the economicpoint of view the seamen's strike carries an alarming cost,with grave consequences for the supply situation and for thecountry's external trade."    The seamen are seeking a 275 pct pay rise and have rejectedoffers of up to 100 pct.    Later today the Higher Labour Tribunal in Brasilia is dueto rule on whether the seamen's strike is legal. But a seniorofficial of the National Merchant Marine Union, Jorge Luis LeaoFranco, told Reuters that the strike would continue regardlessof the tribunal's ruling.    Labour unrest has worsened in Brazil following the collapseover the last few months of the government's Cruzado Plan pricefreeze. Prices have been rising at about 15 pct a month. Notonly workers but also businessmen are restive. Petrol stationowners said many garages had closed indefinitely today in SaoPaulo, Parana, Mato Grosso and Mato Grosso do Sul.    Television reports said that in the Parana state capital ofCuritiba petrol stations were only supplying fuel forexceptional cases such as ambulances and funeral processions.    Brazilian garage owners want to be allowed to raise theirprofits on alcohol fuel and petrol sales to 1.26 cruzados (sixU.S. Cents) a litre from 0.56 cruzados (about 2.5 cents).    Queues formed at petrol stations in Sao Paulo late lastnight as motorists filled up their tanks while they stillcould.    Political sources said the government of President JoseSarney was closely following the strikes and the overall fuelsupply situation. Reuter&#3;