The Arbitration Commission awardedthe Australian workforce a flat 10 dlrs a week wage increaseand allowed trade unions to begin bargaining for a second-tierincrease of up to four pct, Commission President Justice BarryMaddern said here.    The decision is effective from the next pay period ofindividual employers, he said in delivering the Commission'sNational Wage Case decision.    Full-time adult ordinary time weekly earnings are 453.00dlrs a week for males and 428.40 dlrs for all adults, accordingto latest official statistics.    The wage decision is the first under the previouslyannounced two-tier system which replaced the concept of wageindexation. It is the first national wage rise since apartially-indexed increase of 2.3 pct was awarded by theCommission last July.    The decision is a compromise between the Federalgovernment's call at the Wage Case hearing for a 10 dlr weeklyrise plus a three pct second-tier ceiling and the AustralianCouncil of Trade Unions' (ACTU) claim of 20 dlrs and up to fourpct.    Employer groups had sought no rise at all.    The Commission is willing to convene another Wage Case inOctober to establish if another wage increase of up to 1.5 pctshould be awarded, Maddern said.    He said the success of the new system depended on thecommitment of all parties - employers, unions and governments.    He said the Commission had rejected employers' calls for afreeze on overall labour cost increases.    "We do not think that such an outcome is feasible, given theneeds and expectations of wage and salary earners,' he said,adding a freeze could have destroyed the possibility of acooperative effort to lift Australia's economic performance.    The decision would ensure the effects of the depreciationof the Australian dollar and the adverse terms of trade wouldnot be reflected in wage increases, Maddern said.    If necessary, it would arbitrate second-tier claims at animplementation rate of no more than two pct from September thisyear and a further two pct from July 1988, he said.    He said labour cost rises would be phased in over the lifeof the package, adding that second-tier rises will be mainlyachieved by a restructuring and efficiency principle, coveringelimination of restrictive work practices, improved efficiencyand productivity and reduction of demarcation disputes.    Maddern said the Commission again ruled out claims for acut in weekly working hours below 38 and allowed employers tobe exempted from wage case decisions on the basis of severe orextreme economic adversity.    The Commission said the poor economic outlook noted in itslast decision had persisted, and was perhaps now more serious.    "The prevailing uncertainty and lack of confidence in theeconomy which underlines the economic circumstances must beallayed to halt further decline and to turn the economy around.In this connection, what happens to labour costs is of criticalimportance," he said. REUTER&#3;