The International Cocoa Organization(ICCO) moved closer to an agreement on buffer stock rules, withmany delegates saying they expect to reach an accord by Friday.    "Everyone is convinced the buffer stock rules should be inplace by Friday so the buffer stock can be put into operationMonday," a consumer delegate said. "The atmosphere is excellent."    Other delegates said the buffer stock might not beoperational by Monday but could be in place by around April 1,if the rules are agreed by Friday.    A detailed package on how the buffer stock manager will buyand sell cocoa was presented to a buffer stock working groupthis afternoon -- a big step toward a "very interesting stage ofnegotiations," delegates said.    The package, based on negotiating principles informallyagreed by delegates, has been forged bit by bit duringfortnight-long meetings by ICCO Executive Director KobenaErbynn and a small group of other delegates.    Producers, the European Community (EC) and consumers arescheduled to consider the paper separately and then jointlytomorrow.    Under the proposal, the buffer stock manager would buycocoa from origins or the second-hand market on an offersystem. He would alert the market via news agencies as to whenhe wanted to buy cocoa and include shipment details and tonnagedesired, delegates said.    The manager would buy cocoa on a competitive basis, ratherthan choosing the cheapest cocoa as before, giving preferenceto ICCO member-country exporters. Standard price differentialswould be fixed for each origin, similar to golf handicaps, todetermine the relative competitiveness of offers of variouscocoas from different origins, they said.    The differentials could be reviewed at the request of amember country or recommendation of the buffer stock manager,the delegates said. Revision would be decided by a majorityvote of the ICCO council.    Buffer stock purchases from non-ICCO member countries wouldnot be allowed to exceed 10 pct of the total buffer stock, theysaid.    The purchases would be limited to 5,000 tonnes of cocoa perday and 20,000 tonnes per week, and could be bought in nearby,intermediate and forward positions, they added.    One of the underlying ideas of the rules package is"transparency," meaning virtually all the buffer stock manager'smarket activities will be public and he will have as littlediscretion as possible, delegates said.    After the tin market collapse in 1985, when theInternational Tin Council buffer stock ran out of funds, cocoadelegates are anxious to install safeguards in the cocoa marketmechanism, they said.     Earnest debate on the buffer stock proposal is expected tobegin late tomorrow, as delegations feel the pressure of theapproaching Friday deadline, when the ICCO meeting is due toadjourn, delegates said.    The ICCO failed to agree buffer stock rules in January whenthe new International Cocoa Agreement came into force. Theexisting buffer stock of 100,000 tonnes of cocoa was frozen inplace with its bank balance of 250 mln dlrs -- both untouchableuntil rules are agreed.     Though the current semi-annual council meeting is not thelast chance for delegates to cement buffer stock rules,producers are keen to get the wheels of the market-stabilizingmechanism turning to stem the decline in world prices,delegates said. Reuter&#3;