Deutsche Babcock AG&lt;DBCG.G> said an issue price of 165 marks had been set on atwo-for-five rights issue of shares which will raise nominalcapital by 100 mln marks to 350 mln marks.    The subscription period for the offer runs from March 26 toApril eight, it added.    Babcock shares opened at 222.2 marks in Frankfurt after aclose of 226 yesterday. Babcock, which has set an unchangedthree mark a share dividend on 1985/86 business, announced lastweek that Iran was selling its 25.2 pct holding in the company.These shares will be placed with institutional investors.    The rights issue will bring Deutsche Babcock 330 mln marks,which share market analysts said was likely be used partly tofinance expansion, especially in environment technology.    However, one analyst who follows the stock for a majorFrankfurt bank said the capital increase would also be used tobring capital ratios back into order after the company sufferedheavy losses in the early 1980s.    This analyst said Babcock had used reserves to cover theselosses, which were due to problems linked with three majorcontracts in the Middle East. The parent company made a netloss in the year to end-September 1982 of 389 mln marks.    Deutsche Babcock has not yet presented details of itsresults in the 1985/86 period, but it has said profits rosefrom the group net of 32.1 mln marks in 1984/85.    The share market analysts saw no particular problems in thepricing of the new Babcock shares but said the timing wasunfortunate.    The government is planning to sell its 25.55 pct stake inVEBA AG &lt;VEBG.F> this month, in a transaction worth a likely2.5 billion marks. The Babcock rights issue also coincides witha large capital increase by the Aachener und Muenchenerinsurance group.    The heavy volume of new stock coming on to the market hasgenerally put pressure on West German stocks which have alsosuffered because of export problems caused by the high mark.    Analysts have linked the pending capital increase withIran's decision to sell its holding in Babcock, held since1975.    When the Iranian decision was announced last week, themarket took the news calmly. Analysts said today thecombination of the Iranian sale and the rights issue would nothave a negative effect on the Babcock share because the directplacement of the Iranian holding with institutional investorsboth in Germany and abroad would shield the price from falls. REUTER&#3;