Corporate mergers and acquisitionsin and around San Francisco over the past seven years have hadonly a modest effect on the metropolitan area's economy, aleading business-backed organization said.    The Bay Area Council, a group of more than 300 businessfirms, said that a study of corporate restructuring in anine-county area found that San Francisco itself had sufferedsome ill effects from corporate shake-ups but that surroundingcommunities had not.    Seventeen of the 32 Fortune 500 companies in the area leftdue to corporate restructuring between 1979 and 1986, butanother 21 firms were added to the list.    Ten of the departing companies were based in San Francisco.During the period, only six located in the city achievedFortune 500 status.    Ted Hall, a council director and local managing director ofMcKinsey and Co. which conducted the survey, said the studygrew out of concern that mergers and acquisitions had seriouslyhurt the economic climate of northern California.    However, Hall said that only about 36,000 jobs had beenlost in the region, while more than 600,000 new jobs werecreated during the period.    At the same time, he said, the region experienced a greaterrise in per capita income and lower unemployment than the restof the United States and California.    Council President George Keller, who also is chairman andchief executive officer of Chevron Corp., told a newsconference that the region had difficulties in persuadingcompanies to locate there because of a fragmented localpolitical system.    But he said that because of the amenities of living in SanFrancisco, he was the envy of many chief executives in othermetropolitan area.    "It's a great place to run a business," he added, "but it'sa hell of a place to do business with government."    The study concluded that Chevron, which mergered with GulfOil in 1984, would benefit in the long run from therestructuring activity.    Among the corporate headquarters lost during the periodwere Crown Zellerbach, Memorex, Southern Pacific, Castle &amp;Cooke and Rolm.    Companies that grew enough during the period to make theFortune 500 list included Apple Computer, Pacific Telesis,McKesson, Tandem Computer, U.S. Leasing and Amfac.    The study by the management consulting firm said that,partly due to corporate restructuring, the rate of job growthin San Francisco has slowed since 1980.    In addition, it said that the loss of corporate leadershiphad adversely affected some of the Bay Area's civic andcharitable activities. Reuter&#3;