U.S. refiners said they are worriedthat growing supplies of imports, proposed federalenvironmental regulations, and the marketing of a third gradeof unleaded gasoline would cost them dearly and at a time whenthe industry is recovering from a recent slump.     "We have to look at national security and cut the amountof products and crude coming into the country if it hurts theindustry," said Archie Dunham, vice president of petroleumproducts at Conoco, subsidiary of DuPont Corp (DD).    U.S. oil imports account for about 38 pct of U.S.consumption but are expected to rise to 50 pct by the mid1990s, according to the Department of Energy.    "Can we afford to import 60 or 70 pct of our oilrequirements 15 or so years from now?" asked John Swearingen,chairman of the board of Continental Illinois Corp &lt;CIL> andformer chief executive of Amoco Corp &lt;AN>. "If your answer tothat question raises doubt, then it behooves us to do all thatwe can now to cope with this situation and improve ourposition."    But Swearingen said he opposed the idea of an import fee, aview echoed by others attending this week's National PetroleumRefiners Association meeting in San Antonio, Texas.    "Talk of an import surcharge or controls is not encouragingbecause those things won't solve our problems and could wellcompound them," said Swearingen. "Once the government affectsvalues, once an import quota or license has value, it's goingto be subverted by government," he added.     William Martin, deputy Energy Secretary, said the costs ofan import fee outweigh its benefits and suggested, as EnergySecretary John Herrington has, depletion tax credits toencourage domestic production and limit oil imports. He alsosaid altnerative energy sources should be encouraged.     Restoration of the depletion allowance for a 27 pctdeduction from the taxable income of oil companies is controversal but might work, said Dunham.    Dunham and other officials opposed the idea of a fee on oilimports but said if one is enacted it must tax crude andproduct imports.    "Why would companies import crude when they could importproducts for a smaller cost if there were only a fee on crude?"asked Henry Rosenberg, chairman of Crown Central Petroleum&lt;CNP>.     An import fee would raise the costs of U.S. petrochemicalproducts and make them noncompetive on the world market, Dunhamsaid.     "The energy security issue should be considered whenenvironmental issues are considered," Martin said.    "The level of investment for the proposed lowering ofsulfur level of diesel to 0.05 pct by weight, for example, isunacceptable," Dunham said. "Most companies cannot afford it."    George Unzelman, president of HyOx, Inc., said theseproposals "will place pressure on small refining operations andpromote further industry consolidation."     An NPRA survey of of 139 refineries, which was released atthe conference, said reducing sulphur content to 0.05 pctweight and aromatics to 20 volume pct aromatics in highwaydiesel fuel would cost refiners 6.65 billion dlrs.     The national average diesel fuel sulfur content in 1986for the survey respondents was 0.27 weight pct while theaverage aromatics content was 32 pct.     Another possible cost to refiners is the upgrading offacilities to produce a third grade of unleaded gasoline whichis beginning to be marketed by some companies.    "What will be the standard octane level in various gradesof unleaded gasoline?" asked Dunham. "A midlevel grade ofunleaded gasoline with an octane level of 89 means aninvestment has to be made," Dunham said.     This grade is not warranted, said Crown's Rosenberg.     Despite these concerns, refiners are expecting margins tomove higher in the next few months.     "We are beginning to see a return in wholesale margins,"said Roger Hemminghaus, chairman of the refining and marketingcompany that is to spin off from Diamond Shamrock Corp &lt;DIA>.     Margins are higher because the OPEC pact is holding, U.S.stocks of gasoline and heating oil are declining, and gasolinedemand is rising as the driving season approaches, he said.     "This summer could be a good season for selling gasoline,"Hemminghaus said, adding that the new company will be primarilya gasoline producer. Reuter&#3;