A high level U.S. trade officialsaid it would be foolish for Japan to strike back against theUnited States for its sanctions on Japanese semiconductorelectronics products.    Asked by reporters if Japan was expected to retaliateagainst U.S. exports, Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce BruceSmart replied, "That would be the height of foolishness."    In addition, he doubted Japan could show enough progress inmeeting the conditions of the agreement to avoid the actualimposition of the 300 mln dlrs in tariffs on April 17.    Japan's 58.6 billion dlr trade surplus with the UnitedStates last year has come under fire in Congress concernedabout the loss of jobs to foreign competition and with therecord 169 billion dlrs U.S. trade deficit in 1986.    President Reagan's sanctions decision won praise today fromthe two Democratic leaders of Congress.    "I think it's about time," Senate Democratic Leader RobertByrd of West Virginia told reporters. House Speaker Jim Wrightof Texas told reporters before the opening of the Housesession, "It just shows we were right all along when we saidsomething needs doing."    Smart testified before a Senate Labor Committee hearingthat last Friday's U.S. trade action would help U.S.negotiations on access to Japan for U.S. auto parts.    Since last August Smart has been leading talks to open upJapan to purchases of more U.S.-made automotive parts. Lastyear, Japan racked up a 3.6 billion dlr trade surplus with theUnited States in these products.    Both countries expect to conclude the talks by August 1987.    "It's amazing to me that the Japanese were surprised. Ihope it will persuade them we're serious," Smart said of theWhite House trade sanctions.    The United States has tried to convince Japanese carcompanies of the quality of American-made parts and to drawthem away from their traditional Japanese suppliers.    "All we ask is a chance. We have a job to do persuading themwe can do better than our reputation seems to be," he said.    Measured per car, each American-made car contained about700 dlrs in Japanese auto parts while each Japanese-made carcontained about 26 dlrs in U.S. auto parts, Smart said. Reuter&#3;