Britain, France and other Europeannations will make a strong plea in high-level meetings todayfor urgent debt relief for the very poorest countries, Europeanmonetary sources said.    The request will be put to the International MonetaryFund's policy-making Interim Committee, which meets here aspart of semi-annual IMF and World Bank talks.    But it is likely to run into opposition from the UnitedStates, which regards debt relief, even for the world's poorestnations in Sub-Saharan Africa, with distaste.    "If all creditors agreed, (Britain and France) would beprepared to consider below market interest rates " for thecountries, one source said.    A senior U.S. Treasury official poured cold water on theplan earlier this week, however. "We are not willing to enterinto arrangements that would forgive debt or provideconcessional interest rates," the official said.    At the heart of the American objection is the fear thatonce such a concession is made for the very poorest nations,then sooner or later Latin debtors will be demanding similarrelief.    African nations owe foreign creditors, most of themgovernments, over 70 billion dlrs. Over 21 billion dlrs is debtowed by poorest Sub-Saharan African nations.    In addition to interest rate concessions, the sources saidEuropean countries wanted repayment of these loans to bestretched out for up to 20 years, with a substantial delaybefore capital repayments start.    The issue was inconclusively discussed in yesterday'smeetings of the major industrial nations -- the United States,Japan, West Germany, Britain, France, Italy and Canada.    It is already under consideration by the Paris Club ofwestern creditor nations, to which the United States belongs.    "There are quite obviously differences about it," one sourcesaid of the American attitude. "But it is perfectly clear that(debt repayment) is an abiding problem for a small number ofthe poorest countries."    The plan would also involve the conversion of bilateral aidto these countries into outright grants, a policy alreadyadopted by Paris and London.REUTER^M&#3;