Bolivia's proposal to repurchase at adeep discount the 900 mln dlrs it owes to foreign commercialbanks is likely to be accepted, bolivian central bank governorJavier Nogales Iturri said.    Speaking to reporters at the annual meeting of the Inter-American Development Bank, Nogales said Bolivia's bank advisorycommittee, led by Bank of America, is seeking permission fromcreditor banks worldwide to go ahead with the scheme.    More than 50 pct of the banks must approve, and Nogalessaid he is confident this threshold will be reached.    "It's working out very well, and I think we'll get a clearmajority," Nogales said.    A senior banker working on the deal also said that banksare responding positively and said all the legal waiversnecessary could be obtained within two months.    Bolivia halted all payments on its commercial bank debt inMarch 1984. Hyperinfltion has been curbed and public spendingtrimmed, but the country's debt still trades as low as 10 ctson the dollar on the secondary market, and many banks havewritten off most, if not all, of their loans to the country.    Few bankers see little chance for a subtantive recovery inBolivia's economic fortunes and so are willing to collect whatthey can on the loans.    Nogales said Bolivia would offer to buy back the debt at amarket price. He said some banks might want to hold out for ahigher price, but others would see the repurchase offer as anopportunity to cut their losses.    Bolivia intends to pay for the repurchase with aid thatforeign goernments, especially the United States and WestGermany, are providing to help finance the eradication of cocacrops. Cocaine, although illegal, is Bolivia's largest export.    The campaign to persuade farmers to grow legal cropsinstead of coca would be financed instead using local currency,Nogales said.    Because the fiscal deficit has been reduced to some fourpct of gross domestic product, money supply could be increasedto pay for the drug-eradication drive without too much of nimpact on inflation, he added.    Nogales said he does not expect Bolivia's debt repurchaseto become a model for other debtors in dire straits. "We're notseeking a universal solution," he said." Reuter&#3;