Taiwan's Economic Ministry has approvedan ambitious proposal calling for a one billion U.S. Dollarinvestment by private and public companies in the United Statesover the next five years, ministry officials said.    John Ni, director of the Ministry's Industrial Developmentand Investment Centre (IDIC), said under the IDIC proposal,Taiwanese firms would be encouraged to set up factories andinvest in property and securities markets in the U.S..    Taiwan's 1986 investment in the U.S. Totalled 46 mln U.S.Dlrs, official statistics show.    The investment was mainly in the electronics, food, serviceand trading sectors.    The new proposal, approved by Economic Minister Lee Ta-haiyesterday, calls for investment of 80 mln U.S. Dlrs in 1987,120 mln in 1988, 160 mln in 1989, 240 mln in 1990 and 400 mlnin 1991, he told Reuters.    It will be discussed soon by officials of the FinanceMinistry, the Central Bank and the Council for EconomicPlanning and Development before being submitted to the cabinetfor final approval, he said.    "This is the first ambitious proposal with governmentinitiatives to encourage our businessmen to invest in America,"Lee said.    He said government incentives to prospective Taiwaneseinvestors would include bank loans and a five-year income taxholiday. Applications for investing in the U.S. Would also besimplified.    A ministry spokesman told reporters the proposed investmentwould be helpful in creating job opportunities for Americansand avoiding U.S. Import quotas or restrictions on Taiwaneseproducts.    The plan will also help reduce Taiwan's trade surplus withthe U.S., Which rose to a record 13.6 billion U.S. Dlrs in1986, up from 10.2 billion in 1985, the spokesman said.    The rising surplus has enabled Taiwan to accumulate some 54billion U.S. Dlrs in foreign exchange reserves.    Economists described the proposal as a significant step bythe government to head off U.S. Protectionism.    "Time is running out for us. Taiwan has lagged far behindJapan and South Korea in encouraging its businessmen to investabroad," said Hou Chia-chi, economics professor at SoochowUniversity. REUTER&#3;