The European Community has toldCongress that if textile legislation injuring EC interests isapproved, there was no doubt the community would retaliateagainst U.S. exports.    Roy Denmam, head of the EC delegation here, issued thewarning in a letter to Senator Lloyd Bentsen, chairman of theFinance Committee. A copy of the letter was provided Reuters.    Denmam told Bentsen, a Texas Democrat, that if the textilelegislation passed on its own or was included in an omnibustrade bill and injured EC interests, "there should be no doubtthat the EC will retaliate against the United States."    He added that "at a time when U.S. textile exports to the ECare growing rapidly, one result of such retaliation would be asubstantial reduction of U.S. exports and jobs."    The textile legislation, backed strongly by the industry,hard hit by imports, and by senators from textile-producingstates would impose new tough global quotas on textile importsand for the first time include Europe in the quotas.    Reagan Administration officials have also opposed thetextile legislation, saying that if it passed it would likelyprompt a presidential veto.    Denman made his comments on the textile issue in a generalassessment of the Senate trade bill, titled S.490.    He said he was concerned about provisions in the Senatebill that would limit, if not eliminate, the president'sdiscretion if retaliating against nations for keeping theirhome markets closed to foreign goods.    U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter has also opposedthose provisions, arguing that presidential flexibility wasneeded in order to be able to negotiate with countries to opentheir markets, with retaliation being retained as a final, butdiscretionary, weapon.    The pending overall trade legislation would force theAdministration to consult often with Congress and seek itsapproval during step-by-step GATT negotiations.    He said "enactment of S. 490 would reduce the confidence ofother governments in America's commitment to multinationaltrade."    Summing up the senate legislation, Denman said "a number ofprovisions of that bil may achieve the opposite of what isintended and lead to dangerous consequences for the world andthe U.S. economy." Reuter&#3;