UAL Inc may have a response thisafternoon to the pilots union proposal to buy its UnitedAirlines unit, a UAL spokesman said.    "Obviously, we have a lot of movement in our stock, and weneed to get a clarification out," the spokesman said, addingthat there was a "50-50" chance a statement would be releasedtoday.    The pilots earlier this week offered to buy the airline for2.3 billion dlrs, and assume 2.2 billion dlrs of existing debt.    Takeover speculation has driven UAL's stock for severalweeks. UAL last month said New York Real estate developerDonald Trump held a position in its stock, and that he alsoheld discussions with its chairman.    The developer indicated in those talks that he took theposition as an investment, but he revealed no other plans.    Today, rumors circulated that Coniston Partners were buyingUAL stock. UAL jumped five to 70-3/4 on volume of more than 3.2mln shares.    "United has got to consider this proposal. I think thepilot's proposal is realistic. I don't exptect them to take it,but it could put some interesting options in front of UALmanagement," said Timothy Pettee, Bear Stearns and co analyst.    Analysts have said UAL made itself vulnerable to attackwhen it diversified away from its core airline. It added Hertzrental cars, Westin and Hilton International hotels in astrategy to become a travel service company.    The strategy left its stock in a slump and its pilots unionconcerned that the company was not focussing enough attentionon its airline.    UAL has stood firm on its strategy. It is emphasizing itsnew focus by changing its name to Allegis, as of May one.    But takeover speculation has escalated, and Wall Street hasbeen busy calculating break up values well in excess of 100dlrs per share. Traders today described the buying in UAL aswidespread, indicative to them that big institutions believethe stock is in play.    Market sources have said that although Trump attractedattention to the stock, the pilots proposal acted as acatalyst, kicking off a new round of speculation and perhapsthrowing the company into the hands of another buyer.    "The first domino is you have an investor with aconsiderable stake. the second domino is the union. That typeof attitude has been a precursor to airline deals in the past,"said Pettee.    "What's interesting is the values are there. There'ssomething for everybody," he said. Reuter&#3;