President Reagan warned the U.S.Congress in his weekly radio address against passing what hecalled dangerous, protectionist trade legislation that wouldtie his hands in trade negotiations with Japan and othercountries.    Reagan, who will hold talks with Japanese Prime MinisterYasuhiro Nakasone here this week, said he would lift tariffsimposed last week against some Japanese products as soon asTokyo complied with a U.S.-Japanese pact on semiconductors.    U.S. Officials gave the same message to former JapaneseForeign Minister Shintaro Abe in meetings in Washington lastweek.    In his weekly radio address on Saturday, Reagan said hewould tell Nakasone: "We want to continue to work cooperativelyon trade problems and want very much to lift these traderestrictions as soon as evidence permits.    Reagan said the 100 pct tariffs he imposed on some 300 mlndlrs worth of Japanese goods was a special case of traderetaliation and did not signal a shift in what he called hisstaunch anti-protectionist policies.    "In imposing these tariffs we were just trying to deal witha particular problem, not begin a trade war," he said.    But Congress is ready to approve tough trade legislation totry to turn round the record U.S. Trade deficit, which has costmillions of U.S. Jobs and closed thousands of factories.    A vote on a trade bill sponsored by Congressman RichardGephardt is expected to come during Nakasone"s visit. It wouldpenalise nations with large trade surpluses and which arealleged to use unfair trade practices.    Reagan warned Congress that such action would undercut hisability to negotiate on trade issues with Nakasone and others.    "With my meeting with Prime Minister Nakasone and the Veniceeconomic summit coming up, it"s terribly important not torestrict a president"s options in such trade dealings withforeign governments," he said.    "Unfortunately, some in the Congress are trying to doexactly that," he said.    Reagan said he would keep the American people "informed onthis dangerous legislation because it"s just another form ofprotectionism and I may need your help to stop it." REUTER&#3;