Gulf money markets have grown reasonablywell during the past decade, but bond and stock markets remainto a large extent fragmented and lag behind, &lt;GulfInternational Bank BSC> (GIB) said.    The bank's economist Henry Azzam said in a review of Gulfcapital markets that investors have to relinquish traditionalinvestment vehicles such as real estate, foreign currency bankaccounts and precious metals.    "Greater financial sophistication is needed coupled withmore diversified capital market instruments and a change in thedisclosure requirements on company accounts," he said.    The GIB study reviewed capital markets under threecategories -- money markets, stock and bond markets.    Azzam said Gulf states had been making greater use ofshort-term money market instruments and banks in the region hadfloated various euronotes and underwriting facilities.    "Nevertheless, bond and stock markets remain, to a largeextent, fragmented and lagging behind," he said.    Most debt in the region is still raised by syndicated loansand bank facilities and very few companies had made use ofstock or bond issues. Only Kuwait has an official stockexchange, while other Gulf nations have yet to establishexchanges.    But with dwindling financial surpluses in the Gulf,governments are actively pursuing ways to develop capitalmarkets and set up domestic stock exchanges, Azzam said.    He said recession stemming from sliding oil prices had"clearly had a negative impact on the development of capitalmarkets in the region."    In addition, family firms are reluctant to go public,financial awareness among investors is still lacking andinvestment analysis and corporate reporting standards lackdepth. A sharp fall in share prices in the early 1980s promptedinvestors to hold on to shares hoping for an eventual recovery.    Azzam said the absence of proper commercial law in someGulf countries and authorities' apparent reluctance to adoptfinancial innovations had also hampered capital markets.    He called for clearly defined laws governing incorporationof joint stock companies and the flotation of debt instruments.    Azzam said capital market instruments should be madeavailable to all citizens and institutions of Gulf CooperationCouncil (GCC) states -- Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, SaudiArabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Some moves had beentaken in this direction, with Bahrain allowing GCC nationals toown up to 25 pct of locally incorporated companies.    Azzam said Gulf money markets had received greater depthfrom the introduction of treasury bill offerings in Bahrain andthe expansion of securities repurchase regulations in SaudiArabia.    But he added there is "no bond market to speak of" in SaudiArabia, Qatar, Oman or the UAE, with the last Saudi riyaldenominated bond issued in 1978.    While Bahrain plans an official stock exchange and tradingin Saudi Arabia has picked up, establishment of formalexchanges in Qatar, Oman and the UAE does not appear imminent,Azzam said. REUTER&#3;