Tokyo share prices are expected to weakenfurther for about a week, following a sharp drop which at onetime today saw the Nikkei Dow index down 571.01 points inmid-afternoon trading, brokers said.    They said uncertainty caused by disputes between Japan andits main trading partners will continue to deter investors fromequities.    The market index, which closed the day 297.05 points downat 22,919.54, will probably end the present downturn at around22,300 points, brokers predicted.    "This is just a short-term correction and the market willprobably end up at about 22,300 in about a week's time," said abroker at Nomura Securities Co.    He said that today's late recovery from afternoon lowsshowed that investors were still hunting bargains inanticipation of an upturn.    Brokers reiterated expectations of an imminent cut inJapan's 2.5 pct discount rate, a factor seen to be divertingmoney from bank accounts into stocks and boosting the market.    Securities company, bank and insurance issues, likely tobenefit from a rate cut, were bought in late trading.    The Nomura broker said he expects the rate cut in May orJune, after Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone's scheduled visitto Washington on April 29. Nakasone is expected to seek an endto Japanese-U.S. Trade disputes which are hurting investorconfidence.    "Until we see some concerted effort by the Japanese to haltthe yen's rise against the dollar and settle trade disputes,the market will stay low," said head of equities at JardineFleming Securities Co, Mario Malt.    Malt said current talks between the countries wereinflammatory and damaged stockmarket optimism.    Brokers also said that Japan's ruling Liberal DemocraticParty has to show it still rules, after Sunday's nationwidelocal elections showed dwindling support.    "It raises doubts on whether the LDP can push through thereforms it planned for this year," said one broker.    Top policy priorities this year are deregulation offinancial activities, stimulation of domestic demand to boostimports and removal of agricultural subsidies.    If these policies are abandoned or scaled down, stockmarketinvestors will have few reasons to buy stocks, brokers said. REUTER&#3;