The Securities and ExchangeCommission said it supported legislation to define insidertrading and would recommend language for such a definitionwithin six weeks.    Acting SEC chairman Charles Cox told the Senate BankingCommittee a bill proposed this week to define insider tradingas the wrongful use of material nonpublic information was goodbut contained some ambiguous provisions which might reduce theCommission's flexibility in prosecuting cases.    "The Commission believes a definition of insider trading isdesirable," Cox said.       He promised to provide the SEC's recommended definition tothe committee by August 3.    The bill proposed by Sens. Donald Riegle, a MichiganDemocrat, and Alfonse D'Amato, a New York Republican, wouldmake it illegal for anyone to receive or pass on insideinformation even if the person providing the information didnot use it to make a securities transaction.    Federal law enforcement officials have said a definition ofinsider trading would be useful because it is a difficult crimeto prove.       Cox said the SEC was having success in its insider tradingcases despite the lack of a clear definition.    He became acting chairman of the agency when chairman JohnShad left to become U.S. Ambassador to the Netherlands.    President Reagan nominated Northwestern University lawprofessor David Ruder as SEC chairman on Wednesday, but he maynot be confirmed by the Senate for several weeks.       Riegle, the chairman of the Senate securities subcommittee,said he wanted to act on the legislation this year, but ThomasMoore, a member of the President's Council of EconomicAdvisors, said action should be delayed until the Supreme Courtruled on the appearl of an insider trading conviction by formerWall Street Journal reporter R. Foster Winans.    Winans was convicted for telling a friend in advance whatstocks he was going to write about in his column. The stocksusually went up or down in price depending on Winans'recommendation.       "We believe it would be better to wait until the SupremeCourt has reviewed the Winans case before any leigilation isconsidered. After the court decides this case we can betterconsider how the law might be changed. Until that time,legislation is premature," Moore said in his testimony. Reuter&#3;