GAF Corp, set on acquiring Borg-WarnerCorp's valuable plastics business, is believed by analysts tobe preparing an increased offer for the Chicago-based company.     Yesterday, Borg-Warner said it agreed to be acquired for4.23 billion dlrs by a company to be formed by Merrill LynchCapital Partners. Merrill offered 48.50 dlrs cash per share for89 pct of Borg-Warner's common stock, and a package of cash andsecurities for the balance.    Borg-Warner stock rose 1-3/8 to 49-5/8.    "I think it's (the stock price) telling us GAF is coming inwith another bid," said one analyst, who values the company at51 or 52 dlrs per share.    GAF has offered 46 dlrs per share. It holds 19.9 pct ofBorg-Warner's stock.    "You're in a cat and mouse game on how you're going to upthe price. Obviously, nobody wants to pay more than you haveto. I think GAF is looking at the company the way we're lookingat it - that it's worth more," Pershing and Co analyst RichardHenderson said.    Henderson estimated it is worth abouth 55 dlrs per share.    GAF has only said it was reviewing the situation. MerrillLynch officials did not return phone calls.    Analysts have said they believe GAF Chairman Samuel Heymansought Borg-Warner because of its chemicals and plasticsbusiness. The rigid plastics are used in such things astelephones, computer terminals, and appliances.    "Where the heck can you buy a world class chemicaloperation these days," said Henderson.    "He's (Heyman's) got the bucks. He's a heavy hitter, and hedoes not like to get pushed around," said Henderson.    GAF, a roofing and chemicals concern, attempted a takeoverof the much larger Union Carbide Corp two years ago. While GAFdid not win the company, it made a substantial gain on itsinvestment in Carbide.    Analysts said GAF already has a large profit built into itsBorg-Warner holdings. They said even if GAF raises its offerand does not succeed, a higher bid from another company wouldgive GAF millions of dollars in profits on its stock.    "It's a win-win situation," said one analyst.    One analyst speculated an offer from GAF would beforthcoming shortly.    "I think we are finally down to the final paragraph in thisbook," he said.    Borg-Warner's other businesses include automotive parts,protective services, which includes Wells Fargo securityguards, and Chilton Corp, a credit rating service.    Charles Rose, an Oppenheimer and Co analyst who followsGAF, said if GAF were to sell into the Merrill Lynch offer, itwould realize about 125 mln dlrs net profit, or about 3.50 pershare.    "I think there's a probability he goes up in price," saidRose.    Rose said, however, he could not really predict what Heymanwould do. "Sam's a low-risk, high-return player."    "Is he trying to build a major industrial chemicalenterprise, or is he trying to be an investment bank," Rosesaid.    Analysts said Borg-Warner's chemical business would addearnings momentum to GAF. "I worked out that paying as much as50 dlrs per share would still be additive to GAF in time, ifthey sold off most of the non-chemical facilities," said JohnHenry of E.F. Hutton.    Borg-Warner's chemical and plastics business provided 1986operating profits of 153.3 mln dlrs on revenues of 1.04 billiondlrs. Total operating profits were 349.7 mln dlrs, and netearnings were 206.3 mln dlrs for 1986.    "The Borg chemical business is great," said Rose, addingits only U.S. competitors are Monsanto Co &lt;MCT> and DowChemical Co &lt;DOW>. Reuter&#3;