The government's move to pare its hugefinancing costs by shortening debt maturities has left moreroom for other borrowers and sparked a lively market fortreasury bills, senior market analysts said.    The Bank of Canada, Ottawa's fiscal agent in themarketplace, revealed this week that sharply reduced borrowingneeds has allowed the shift toward shorter bond terms andheavier emphasis on the weekly treasury bill auction, issued interms of up to one year.    "The aggressive use of the treasury bill program has meantthat the government is now able to maintain lower cash balancesand lower financing costs," the Bank of Canada said in its 1986annual report released this week.    The government has said its budget deficit financingrequirements will fall to 24 billion dlrs in the fiscal yearending March 31, 1987, from 30 billion dlrs the prior year.Projected fiscal 1988 requirements are 21.3 billion dlrs.    The bank said that of last year's 19 new government bondissues, nearly two-thirds were for maturities of less than 10years. Greater use was also made of bond auctions to market newissues with terms in the two- to five-year range.    Meanwhile, treasury bills outstanding at year end totallednearly 70 billion dlrs, an increase of 10.3 billion dlrs overthe year and 20 billion dlrs since 1984.    Although the amount of money saved from moving away fromthe long bonds was not disclosed, bond experts believe it wasconsiderable because of the much lower interest premiums paidon short term debt.    But market watchers were unsure what affect the move willhave on Japanese investors--who have been snapping up Canadianbonds at a record clip--because of their traditional preferencefor long term financings.    Bond traders said the Japanese, who purchased a record 9.5billion dlrs of Canadian bonds last year, have adapted to thechanges by buying longer term provincial issues and shifting tothe medium term issues offered by Ottawa.    "Their (Japanese) buying over the course of the last sixmonths has been very much concentrated in the medium termmaturities," noted one Canadian bond trader who asked not to beidentified.    Yet there was some concern a shortage could eventuallydevelop for bonds that mature in 10 or more years.    Said David Gluskin, vice-president of Nesbitt ThomsonBongard Inc, "When interest rates finally seem to have stoppedgoing down, there is going to be a flood of people trying tolock in the long end and not everyone will be able to get inthe door."    But bonds analysts said at the moment with interest ratestrending down, investors appear to welcome the change,especially the greater treasury bill financing.    "The wholesale market in treasury bills is very active,"said Michael Berry, vice-president of the securities firm,Walwyn Stodgell Cohran Murray Ltd.    The change also improves receptivity in the market forother borrowers, including provincial governments, the bigutilities and corporations.    "There doesn't seem to any lack of bonds in the longer endnow, that also may be the result that any percieved shortagehas probably been taken up by provincial funding activities,"commented Berry. Reuter&#3;