USAir Group Inc said Piedmont AviationInc has agreed to be acquired for 69 dlrs per share.    The company, in a newspaper advertisement, said it hasstarted a tender offer for all Piedmont shares at that price,and the Piedmont board, with two directors absent, hasunanimously approved the bid.  The offer and withdrawal rightsare to expire April Three unless extended, and the bid is to befollowed by a merger at the same price.    USAir said Piedmont has granted it an irrevocable option tobuy up to 3,491,030 new shares under certain circumstances.Piedmont now has about 18.6 mln shares outstanding.    USAir said the tender is conditioned on receipt of enoughshares to give USAir at least a 50.1 pct interest in Piedmonton a fully diluted basis and approval by the U.S. Department ofTransportation of a voting trust agreement permitting USAir tobuy and hold shares pending review of its application to gaincontrol of Piedmont.    The company said its merger agreement with Piedmontprovides that the offer is not to be amended without Piedmont'sprior written consent in any way that would be adverse toPiedmont shareholders, but it said it could cut the number ofshares to be bought without Piedmont's consent.    USAir said it could reduce the number of Piedmont shares tobe purchased in the offer to no less than the minimum numberneeded to cause the voting trust condition of the bid to besatisfied.    In that case, it said if more than that minimum number ofshares were tendered, it would buy shares on a pro rata basis.    In February USAir had offered to pay 71 dlrs per share incash for 50 pct of Piedmont's stock and 1.55 to 1.90 USAirshares for each remaining Piedmont share.    Last week, Carl C. Icahn-controlled Trans World AirlinesInc &lt;TWA> made a conditional offer to acquire USAir for 52 dlrsper share, a bid that was rejected by the USAir board.    The Transportation Department on Friday rejected TWA'sapplication to acquire USAir on the grounds that theapplication failed to comply with department regulations byomitting necessary information.  TWA said it would refiletoday, providing the information needed.    On Friday TWA said it had already acquired four mln sharesor 15 pct of USAir. Reuter&#3;