Japan will liberalize rulesrestricting their financial institutions' ability to tradeforeign financial futures contracts within the next two years,Leo Melamed, director of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange's,CME's, executive committee, said.    Melamed, also the head of Dellsher Investment Co Inc, tolda press conference yesterday at the Futures IndustryAssociation convention that within the next year or two theJapanese government is "going to lift the curtain on theircommunity of users" of futures markets.    Currently, government restrictions prevent Japanesecitizens from trading futures or options contracts off-shoreand converting the profits back into yen, according to RichardHeckinger, CME's vice president for international marketing.    In addition, Japanese are not allowed to convert yen intodollars for the purpose of trading futures contracts overseas,he said.    Melamed predicted the Nikkei stock average index future --a price-weighted index future based on 225 Tokyo Stock Exchangeissues which is traded on the Singapore International MonetaryExchange and mutually offset at the CME -- would do much betterif Japanese financial institutions were able to use it.    CME is waiting for approval from the Commodity FuturesTrading Commission to begin trading the Nikkei stock indexfuture in Chicago.    "We will not do as well with that contract until or unlessthe Japanese community, financial institutions, can utilize itin Chicago," Melamed said.    Melamed and Heckinger said they had no firm evidence thatTokyo would liberalize futures trading rules, but sensed fromJapanese inquiries and visits a readiness to change.    Next month, the CME is to open a Tokyo office to strengthenthe exchange's link to Japan.    The managing director of the office will be Takeo Arakawa,formerly of the Ministry of Finance and the Bank of Tokyo.    Melamed said he hoped Arakawa would help the CME maintain acompetitive edge when Japan launches financial futures trading.    Next month the Osaka exchange is set to begin trading astock index future, Heckinger said.    "We are not going to let them (the Japanese) do what theydid to the American automobile industry. We want to be partnerswith them," Melamed said. Reuter&#3;