Hot, dry weather over the Midwest, withmore forecast, pushed grain futures prices to new highs todayon the Chicago Board of Trade.    Soybean futures led the advance, closing up the30-cent-per-bushel daily trading limit in contracts fordelivery after this year's fall harvest. All months setlife-of-contract highs and November closed at 6.23 dlrs abushel.    "The market is anticipating that it will stay hotter thannormal for some time out," said David Bartholomew, assistantvice president for Merrill Lynch. "We have probably gone ashigh as we need to go at this time, but I don't know how tomeasure the euphoria level."    Soymeal futures, which led the grain rally last week,posted contract highs and ended up the 10 dlr a ton daily limitin new-crop contracts. December closed at 195.70 dlrs.    Corn futures set contract highs in March through September,with December closing up the 10 cent a bushel limit at 2.11-3/4dlrs. Wheat posted more modest gains as dry weather improvedharvest conditions in the southern Midwest.    The hot weather could stress developing corn and soybeanplants in the Midwest, although some periods of dryness benefityoung plants by encouraging the development of deep rootsystems, Bartholomew said.    European demand for U.S. soybeans and meal contributed toactive buying here and an estimated 2.0 mln bushels of soybeanorders went unfilled at the close, traders said.    After trading ended, a U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA)meteorologist said the U.S. corn and soybean crops have notsuffered any yield loss yet from hot, dry weather.    Strong grain futures ignored weakness in the value of thedollar, which can depress prices by making grains moreexpensive for foreign buyers.    But the surge in soybeans encouraged buying at New York'sCOMEX, where silver futures recovered from early lows to settlesteady.    Managed fund traders bought silver on the belief that theweather-spurred jump in grain futures will revive fears ofinflation. But the weak dollar pressured COMEX gold futures,which closed down following last Friday's news of improved U.S.trade deficit figures and better U.S. producer prices.    A USDA report released after trading said the number ofcattle being fed in seven major producing states was abovelevels expected by traders. Traders said the report wouldprobably push live cattle futures lower tomorrow at the ChicagoMercantile Exchange.    USDA put cattle-on-feed in the seven major states at 7.52mln head, 106 pct of a year ago and at the high end of tradeforecasts.    A total of 1.954 mln head were placed on feed during May,up 111 pct from a year ago, and May cattle marketings were off93 pct at 1.524 mln head, USDA said.    Cattle futures closed mixed in choppy trading today as hotweather slowed consumer demand for red meat, traders said. Reuter&#3;