Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehlsaid a weaker dollar would be risky and a further appreciationof the mark would damage prospects for sustained West Germaneconomic growth.    In a speech to the Institute of Contempory German Affairshere, Poehl said "It would be an extremely risky policy to aimfor a further substantial decline in the value of the dollar tocorrect the trade deficit."    He said the United States could face a vicious circle ofdepreciation, inflation and more depreciation if it took thatroute.    Poehl noted West Germany had already taken steps to meetU.S. Demands for greater stimulation of its domestic economy,accelerating tax cuts, cutting interest rates and toleratingabove-target money supply growth.    He said he would have been happy to have brought forwardfive billion marks of tax cuts now planned for January 1988 tothe beginning of this year, but he said the government facedpolitical constraints getting such measures through the upperhouse of the West German parliament.    But there were also limits to the impact West Germany couldaccept on exports from a rising mark, he said.    Poehl said West Germany relied on exports for aboutone-third of its gross national product, so a substantialerosion of export markets could not be offset by increasingdemand at home.    "A further appreciation of the mark could even be anobstacle to further growth," he said.    Poehl said the Bundesbank had tolerated rapid money supplygrowth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation andbecause external factors, including low oil prices andfavourable terms of trade, had given some extra leeway.    But Poehl said West Germany now faced a difficult dilemmaover monetary policy.    The underlying rate of inflation was now two pct, not thereported negative inflation rates last year, and West Germanywas affected more than before by exchange rate developments.    "For the time being, we will have to focus our policy moreon the external side, and we can live with a more expansionarymoney supply. But we must be very careful," he said.    He said he shared some of the U.S. Concern about Japan'strade surpluses, which affected European countries as well asthe United States.    Poehl welcomed the so-called Louvre accord of monetaryofficials of major industrialized countries, saying theimportance of the February 22 agreement to stabilize exchangerates had been underestimated.    All partners had agreed that the dollar was at about theright level, and that further changes would damage growth, hesaid.    "This was a remarkable change in attitude, especially on thepart of our American colleagues," he said.    But he said there was still a danger that the correction ofthe dollar's value could overshoot. REUTER&#3;