President Reagan's denial that heknew proceeds from Iran arms sales were diverted to Nicaraguancontra rebels might be challenged by his former nationalsecurity adviser, according to the Washington Post.    The paper said yesterday that John Poindexter, who resignedlast November when the illegal transfer of up to 20 mln dlrswas disclosed, was ready to break the silence he has so farmaintained over the affair.    The Post said he might tell a special Senate committeeinvestigating the Iran scandal that he told Reagan twice in1986 that money from Iran sales was being used for aid to thecontras.    It said the panel was considering granting Poindexterimmunity from prosecution over the fund diversion, which wasillegal under a Congressional ban in force at the time againstaid for the contras.    Poindexter has so far invoked the Fifth Amendment to theConstitution which protects people from giving evidence whichcould be self-incriminating.    Reagan has said he authorized the sale of arms to Iran inthe hope of establishing links with Iranian moderates, but hasdenied knowing that proceeds were ending up in Nicaraguan rebelhands.    A White House spokesman had no comment on the Post story,but David Abshire, who is coordinating White House handling ofthe affair, said Reagan would never approve any illegal action.    Abshire, on the CBS television show "Face the Nation," didnot comment directly on the Post story, but said: "He (Reagan)is deeply honest, he is deeply dedicated, he tells the truthand when he says he has no knowledge, he has no knowledge."    The Post quoted a source close to Reagan as saying theWhite House expected Poindexter "will say he had direction andauthority, directly or indirectly," from the president for thediversion of funds.    The paper said the former security adviser's testimonycould damage the president's claim he was unaware of the fundsdiversion.    It quoted a legal source as saying Poindexter and hislawyers planned to contend that twice in 1986 he told Reaganthat the arms sales were generating money for the "contras."    The paper quoted the source as saying Poindexter did nottell Reagan there was an illegal diversion of funds, but thathelp for the contras was "an ancillary benefit" of the sales.    The Post's sources also said the Senate committee couldgrant immunity from prosecution this month to Oliver North, whowas fired from the National Security Council on the same daythat Poindexter resigned. Reuter&#3;