In a bid to hasten Japan's promiseto speed up its economic growth and open markets to foreigntrade, top U.S. officials appear once again to have signaledtheir tolerance of a lower dollar.    Treasury Secretary James Baker and one of his top aides,Assistant Secretary David Mulford, said last week there was notarget for the dollar, a statement that sent the yen soaringagainst the dollar, despite massive central bank intervention.    "That was no slip of the tongue," said one western monetaryofficial, who asked not to be identified.    For now, the strategy appears to be working. Japaneseofficials said late last week a package to bolster domesticdemand will be ready in early April. Until last week, therewere few indications the package would be ready anytime soon.    The Reagan administration, facing an uproar in Congressover the apparent lack of progress in cutting the 169.8 billiondlr trade deficit, is learning now that to extract results fromJapan, dramatic action is required.    Last week the White House imposed unprecedented tariffs oncertain Japanese electronic goods after Tokyo failed to adhereto a semi-conductor pricing accord between the two countries.    The shift in U.S. strategy, in part designed to appeasemounting Congressional anger over Japanese policies, comes justtwo weeks before industrial nations reconvene here to reviewthe Paris agreement to stabilize currencies.    And news that Japan earned a record 18 billion dlr tradesurplus in the first two months this year just underscored theneed for urgent action, in the view of U.S. officials.    Nonetheless, U.S. officials see signs of improvement in thedeficit. "I'd be stunned if we were not going to derive somebenefits (from the lower dollar) soon," said one.    In Paris, leading industrial nations agreed to cooperateclosely to foster currency stability within ranges reflecting"underlying economic fundamentals" or economic reality.    The agreement envisages those fundamentals to include Japanand West Germany stimulating their economies and the UnitedStates cutting its budget deficit.    The three nations, joined by France, Britain and Canada,agree these policies are essential to redress huge global tradeimbalances.    But analysts say markets have signalled the underlyingfundamentals imply a lower dollar, rather than a stable one.    Markets, in effect, are less confident than governmentsthat these measures -- including U.S. budget deficit cutsagreed by Congress and the White House --will be carried out.    Nonetheless, the dollar's sharp fall has not undermined cooperation. A U.S. economic policymaker said the accord was ontrack and Tokyo and Bonn seem "to want more stimulative measureswhich is what the Paris accord calls for."    International monetary sources said exchange marketdevelopments generally have not unsettled policymakers,although Japan is an obvious exception. "Everybody feels it canstill be managed," one source said of market developments.    But last week, the Bank of Japan spent an estimated fivebillion dlrs intervening to halt the rise in the yen, and othercentral banks about one billion dlrs.    Another monetary source said Japan was upset with America'shalf-hearted attempt to halt the falling dollar, flouting theParis accord outright.    The source, close to the top levels of Japanese economicpolicymaking, said Japan's understanding of the accord was thatthe yen would be kept at around 154 to the dollar, the level itstood at when the accord was struck.    The source said Tokyo was extremely worried by Washington'suse of the exchange rate to change Japanese policies. It was a"pointed reminder" to Japan to do something about the tradeissues, the source said of the dollar's fall against the yen.    By departing last Sunday from the language of the Parisaccord -- that nations agreed to foster currency stabilityaround current levels -- Baker triggered a run on the dollar.    Later in the week, Mulford too said there was no target forthe dollar and called on Japan and West Germany to live up totheir international responsibilities and stimulate growth.    But U.S. officials said recent market developments will notunravel the spirit of the Paris agreement.    "There's a realisation now that you cannot leave thingsalone, everyone agrees that the external (trade) imbalancesought to be adjusted," one official said.    "While no-one is going to cede national sovereignty, wecertainly seem to be moving towards much closer co-operation,"another U.S. official said.    The officials said the meeting here, where the six will bejoined by Italy, will be a status report.    "Japan will have to explain what the state of their programis and Germany will report on its plans. Maybe there's a needto move faster," one source said.    Mulford told Congress last week the Paris accord called, ineffect, for currency stability for several months. This wouldbuy time for Japan and West Germany to speed up their economicgrowth and help bring down the U.S. trade deficit.    His comments appeared to serve notice on other majornations that Washington cannot wait too long for action toreduce the gap between the Japanese and German trade surplusesand the U.S. trade deficit. Reuter&#3;