Amoco Corp first quarter profits areexpected to exceed the 165 mln dlrs, or 65 cts per share,reported for 1986's fourth quarter, chairman Richard Morrowsaid.    Speaking to reporters after a security analyst meeting, hesaid the gain was expected because of higher oil and gasprices, but declined to compare his expectations with the 331mln dlrs, or 1.28 dlrs per share, the company earned in 1986'sfirst quarter.    Earlier, Morrow told the analysts that Amoco's firstquarter refining and marketing results "will look pretty poor,"because of low margins in January and February. The marginsbegan to improve last month and look pretty good now, he added.    Morrow said he expects oil product margins to remain goodfor the rest of the year, "but it remains to be seen if theywill match 1986 levels." The Amoco chairman said he expectscrude oil prices to remain in the 17 to 20 dlr barrel range forthe rest of 1988 based on his belief that OPEC's agreement willhold.    Morrow said his best estimate for 1989 crude oil prices is21 dlrs per barrel, adding he believes this price level wouldresult in a 40 pct increase in oil company explorationspending.    President H. Lawrance Fuller told the analysts Amocoreduced its estimates of worldwide oil and gas reserves by atotal of 201 mln equivalent barrels last year because of a dropin oil and gas prices.    Noting the Securities and Exchange Commission requires thatreserves be estimated on the assumption that year-end priceswill remain fixed for the life of the properties, he said thedrop in oil prices to 16 dlrs a barrel at the end of 1986 from27 dlrs a year earlier forced the company to reduce its reserveestimate by four pct.    Fuller said Amoco expects its U.S. oil and natural gasliquids production to decline about five pct this year fromlast year's 121 mln barrels because of drilling deferrals madelast year when oil prices were falling.    He said the full impact of the deferrals was off-set by thepurchase of properties which will add about 5,000 barrels perday to the company's 1987 U.S. production.    Fuller said U.S. refining capacity is expected to beincreasingly strained by the rising demand for lead-freegasoline, especially the higher octane grades.    He said expected federal regulations on gasoline vaporpressure will further tighten the industry's gasolineproduction capacity. Reuter&#3;