Overseas securities firms are spendingmillions of dollars to set up operations in Tokyo, but manywill end up losing money, industry sources said.    For banks and securities firms eager to establishthemselves as international players, building a presence inJapan has become an imperative. Thirty-six are already licensedto trade securities on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the world'ssecond largest. More than 50 are expected by year-end.    But, as deregulation erodes brokers' profits and the globalshare-buying spree is predicted to subside, only thosesecurities traders with first-class financial muscle willsurvive, the sources said.    "There will be foreigners' fallout. They come in here withtoo glib ideas about how they can survive," said David Miller,director and general manager of Jardine Fleming (Securities)Ltd's Tokyo branch.    Despite soaring share prices, sharp falls in commissions onstock transactions have hurt even brokerages that came to Tokyoearly.    "Japanese equities are no longer a very profitable business.The margins are nothing like they were two or three years ago.Things are not as rosy as they may seem," Miller said.    Publicly reported earnings of foreign securities houses inJapan for the half-year ended September 30, 1986, showedSalomon Brothers Asia Ltd on top with profits of 1.7 billionyen. Most other firms reported hefty gains over the yearbefore. But industry sources say the figures do not fullyreveal the costs of running an international brokerage in theworld's most expensive city.    Salary packages with free housing for novice analystsroutinely run more than 100,000 dlrs a year. Miller, whose firmhad earnings of 1.4 billion yen for the half-year to September1986, said costs for an operation strong enough to endure are10 to 15 mln dlrs a year. "I'd be surprised if more than two orthree were making money if they honestly accounted for theircosts," he said.    To bring commissions closer to world rates, the FinanceMinistry slashed fixed brokerage fees last year, especially onlarge-lot deals. In a few years, all rates may be negotiated asthey are in New York and London, industry sources said.    Since last October's Big Bang deregulation of London'sfinancial markets, at least half the equity trading deals therehave generated no commission income at all. Stockbroking firmsare unlikely to make money until some are forced out ofbusiness, analysts said.    The first foreign firms to set up here, especially the sixadmitted as members in February 1986, have an advantage overthe latecomers, they said. The six are &lt;Merrill Lynch JapanInc>, &lt;Goldman Sachs International Corp>, &lt;Morgan StanleyInternational Inc>, &lt;Vickers Da Costa Ltd>, &lt;Jardine FlemingSecurities Ltd> and &lt;S.G. Warburg and Co (Japan) Ltd>.    The memberships, which cost about five mln dlrs, allowfirms to execute their own trades and, unlike houses withbranch status, avoid paying away 27 pct of their commissions tohave member firms place trades.    Members can also communicate instantly with the exchangefloor, a vital source of information in a market that tends tofollow the leader. Sources said seven to 10 more seats on theexchange are likely to open up sometime in 1988.    For non-member firms, wrestling away market share fromtenacious Japanese and foreign firms is costly and intangiblessometimes prove even more important than exchange membership.    "Your name is better known if you're a member of the rightclub," Miller said. "It's easier to hire ... New people."    To inaugurate its Japan operation, &lt;SBCI Securities (Asia)Ltd> flew out the Basel Ballet last January for receptions inTokyo and Osaka. The firm, 50 pct owned by &lt;Swiss Bank Corp>,gave guests gifts of Swiss chocolates and Swatch watches.    "It's expensive, but a party like that is a token of theserious way we regard our development in Tokyo," SBCI's Tokyobranch manager Gregory Shenkman said.    To establish its position quickly, SBCI hired a 26-strongresearch unit from &lt;W.I. Carr (Overseas) Ltd>'s Tokyo office.    "I was very lucky," Shenkman said. "I was anticipating aconsiderable struggle to organically develop a research team.    "I am not particularly optimistic for the prospects in theJapanese equity market for continental European banks who havelittle experience in equities outside their domestic equitymarket," he said.    But the prospect of closing down operations may be worse.    "One would be ill-advised to open here and close, and thendecide to open again two or three years later. I'm not sure theJapansese community would respond well to that sort ofattitude," he said. REUTER&#3;