European Community (EC) industryministers today declared there is a need for a massive round ofclosures of steel plants to bring capacity in the 12-countrybloc into reasonable balance with demand.    The ministers were meeting to discuss a plan for voluntaryplant closures drawn up by the industry lobby group Euroferwhich it calculates would cost around 22,000 jobs.    Diplomats said that in their initial reactions to thescheme, most ministers declared it was a useful basis fordiscussion, but did not go nearly far enough.    Eurofer says it has identified scope for the closure ofplants which have an annual capacity of 15.26 mln tonnes,provided the companies concerned can be fully repaid by the ECor national governments for redundancy and other social costs.    But EC Executive Commission sources said IndustryCommissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes told ministers today that 30 mlntonnes of annual capacity was excess to requirements and shouldbe closed by the end of 1990.    He said the Eurofer plan in particular fails to pinpointthe scope for closure in heavy hot-rolled wide-strip products,typically produced in plants employing thousands of people.    The sources said no minister challenged Narjes' analysisthat four or five hot-rolled wide-strip lines would have toclose.    They said ministers agreed that the Eurofer plan should beexpanded and developed through meetings among the industrybody, the Commission and representatives of member states.    However, diplomats said it was clear from today'sdiscussions that such meetings will be difficult.    They said member states are split on whether to reduce thescope of a quota production system, which at present protectsEC steelmakers from the full force of competition for 65 pct oftheir products, while talks on the closure plan proceed.    It was also clear that there will be tough talks on whichEC member states should bear the brunt of the closures and onhow much funding for help to those thrown out of work shouldcome from Community coffers.    German minister Martin Bangemann said his country's steelindustry, the largest in the EC, should not sufferproportionately more than others, German sources said.    But British diplomats said their minister, Giles Shaw,insists that the profitability of companies should be takeninto account.    The state owned British Steel Corporation, benefitting frommassive recent write-offs of its accumulated debts, iscurrently one of the few EC steel companies in the black.    Ministers were this afternoon trying to agree a jointstatement on the Eurofer plan and the situation in theindustry. Reuter&#3;