Venezuela has no plans to tryto renegotiate the debt rescheduling agreement it worked outwith creditor banks in February, public finance director JorgeMarcano told Reuters.    Speaking here after a meeting of the 11-nation Cartagenagroup, Marcano said he was aware of political pressure at hometo reduce debt payments but did not think such a move wouldbenefit Venezuela.    "We have no intention of revising the terms of the accord,"he said. "There would be little to gain and in fact it wouldprobably be detrimental."    Venezuela agreed with its bank advisory committee on a 14.5year rescheduling of 20.3 billion dlrs in public sector foreigndebt, with an interest rate 7/8 pct over Libor. The previousagreement, reached a year before but never implemented, was for12-1/2 years with a 1-1/8 pct spread.    In Caracas there have recently been calls to invoke theagreement's contingency clause which the government used lastyear to amend the original terms after a 40 pct drop in oilincome.    But Marcano said the bulk of payments to be made this yearare on private debts and non-rescheduled public debts.    Marcano said Venezuela, which has reduced its debt by sixbillion dlrs since 1983, should have no problems in repayingrestructured debt this year or next.    Asked whether the government felt badly treated with its7/8 pct spread when Mexico and Argentina have won a 13/16 pctmargin, Marcano said he still felt Venezuela had a good deal.    "Venezuela has restructured its debt so that most of it isbeing repaid at 7/8 pct, which I think is better than the othercountries," he said. The rescheduling accord covers some 90 pctof Venezuela's commercial bank debt, which accounts for morethan 90 pct of the total public sector external debt.    Venezuela has almost no debt outstanding to multilateralagencies.    Marcano said attempting to revise the rescheduling accord asecond time would probably hurt Venezuela's bid to restore itcredit rating and raise new loans.    He said Venezuela now obtains trade credit lines without agovernment guarantee, something that Argentina and others arejust starting to try to negotiate in their restructuringpackages.    Venezuela is currently seeking loans in Japan and WestGermany to finance steel and aluminium expansion.    According to finance minister Manuel Azpurua, a 100 mlnmark credit has been lined up for the Venalum aluminium plant.    Marcano said no mandate has yet been given for a planned100 mln dlr bond issue, although he confirmed that talks werecontinuing with Morgan Guaranty and other banks.    Banking sources said one option was to privately place thebonds through the Caracas-based Banco de Venezuela, which wouldunderwrite the issue, but Marcano said no decision has yet beenmade. REUTER&#3;