Deutsch-Suedamerikanische Bank AG, awholly owned subsidiary of Dresdner Bank AG &lt;DRSD.F>, said itwas not worried about Brazil stopping its interest payments.    Board member Herbert Mittendorf told a news conference thatBrazil's example was unlikely to be followed by other LatinAmerican countries.    He pointed out that the region's debt rose by only 2.8 pctlast year to a total 396 billion dlrs. The countries' effortsto further economic growth and to consolidate budgets were "notunsuccessful." But the slump in oil prices and the decline incommodity prices hampered these efforts, he said.    Latin American countries' exports fell last year by about16 pct to 80 billion dlrs, with imports declining slightly toaround 65 billion dlrs, Mittendorf said.    The region's 1986 trade surplus was halved to an estimated15 billion dlrs, he said. The cut in exchange earnings of oilexporting countries was only partly offset by the advantagesgained by the region's oil importing states, he noted.    The region's principal debtors are Brazil and Mexico, eachowing about 100 billion dlrs at the end of last year, followedby Argentina with around 49 billion dlrs, Venezuela with 33billion and Chile with 20 billion dlrs debt.    Deutsch-Suedamerikanische Bank welcomed Mexico joining theGeneral Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) in mid 1986,which it saw as an effort to integrate the country to a largerextent into the world economy.    However, realistic exchange rates were needed if the debtorcountries were to compete in the world market, Mittendorf said.    In this respect an easing of protectionist barriers wasimperative, he said.    The conversion of debt into equity was regarded as animportant additional step towards debt consolidation.    West German exports to Latin America declined by 4.1 pct in1986 to 11 billion marks. Shipments to Mexico fell 19 pct to1.9 billion marks and to Colombia by 15 pct to 600 mln marks,Mittendorf said.    Exports to Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador and Central America werealso lower last year than in 1985, while shipments to Brazilrose 11.5 pct to around two billion marks. Exports to Argentinawent up by over three pct to 1.5 billion marks and those toParaguay surged by 42 pct to 106 mln marks, he said.    Brazil was West Germany's main Latin American supplier, butshipments fell to 4.4 billion marks from 6.4 billion in 1985. REUTER&#3;