U.S. scientists said some tropicalvegetable oils can be hazardous to consumers whose health is atrisk because of high levels of saturated fat, lending weight toa campaign by the American Soybean Association (ASA) forlabelling changes.    The scientists appeared to support an ASA charge, denied byMalaysian palm growers, that imported coconut, palm and palmkernel oils contain high levels of saturated fat and thus raiseblood cholesterol and the risk of heart disease.    In a petition filed in January, the ASA asked the U.S. Foodand Drug Administration (FDA) to require palm, palm kernel andcoconut oils to be identified as saturated fats on foodmanufacturers' labels.    The FDA responded to the ASA in a letter saying it wouldconsider the petition as a comment to a proposed rule dealingwith cholesterol and fatty acid labelling of foods.    Malaysian oil palm growers have said the charges by the ASAthat palm oil consumption increases blood cholesterol andcontributes to heart disease are untrue.    But Steve Chang, Professor of Food Science at RutgersUniversity, said, "Palm oil is definitely not good for humanhealth because it has a high content of saturated fatty acid."    He added that the higher the fatty acid, the greater theblood cholesterol level. "It has been well established thathigh cholesterol levels will have a higher level of heartdisease," he said.    A Malaysian Oil Palm Growers Council official, BorgeBek-Nielsen, has said studies have shown that palm oil ischolesterol-free, low in saturated fats, has anti-cancerproperties and prevents blood clotting and blocking of arteriesin humans.    Bek-Nielsen said Americans consume more saturated fatsdaily through food like butter, bacon, ham and beef than frompalm oil, which, he added is rich in vitamins A and E.    David Kritchevsky, Associate Director of the WistarInstitute in Philadelphia, appeared to take the ASA view onlabelling. "What people really have to learn is to read labels,"said Kritchevsky. "The more a consumer knows, the more likely hewill make an intelligent choice."    The U.S. scientists said they had no doubt imported palm,palm kernel and coconut oils contain high saturated fat levels.    Kritchevsky, a specialist in nutrition, said, "Moresaturated fat would raise cholesterol levels...So, from thatpoint of view it's a health risk. High cholesterol levels inthe blood are a risk factor for heart disease."    Susanne Harris, deputy assistant secretary of the U.S.Agriculture Department's Food and Consumer Services Division,said the health risk among consumers of vegetable oils withhigh saturated fat levels was highest among those who haveheart disease.    The scientists said more than 50 pct of the fatty acidcontent of the tropical oils was saturated, whereas less than20 pct of the fatty acid content of soybean oil was saturated.    David Ericksen, director of ASA's technical services, saidU.S. soybean producers could regain about one-half of the 273mln dlrs in sales lost to imported tropical oils if consumerswere aware the vegetable oils were high in saturated fat.    Imported tropical oils displace 171 mln bushels of U.S.soybean sales in the U.S. market, ASA estimates.    U.S. imports of coconut oil during January totaled 82.9 mlnlbs compared with 48.0 mln lbs in December and 106.5 mln a yearearlier, according to Commerce Department figures.    Imports of palm oil totaled 44.0 mln lbs compared with 51.3mln lbs in December and 85.2 mln a year earlier. Reuter&#3;