Coffee prices look set to continuesliding in the near term, given the lack of progress towards anew International Coffee Organization (ICO) export quotaaccord, according to coffee traders and analysts.    Robusta coffee futures dipped sharply to 4-1/2 year lowsyesterday at 1,220 stg per tonne, basis the May position, whenthe lack of new debate on quotas at ICO talks here confirmedexpectations that efforts to restore quotas would not berevived at this stage, they said.    The 15-day ICO average composite price fell to 99.69 centsa lb for April 1, the lowest for 5-1/2 years.    Quotas will not now be renegotiated before the ICO's annualSeptember council session, and in the interim the Brazilianfrost season from June to August may prove the only bullishfactor to stem further price weakness, they said. Futuresbounced back from the lows today towards the previous tradingrange around 1,260/1,270 stg per tonne on May as the marketrecovered from yesterday's "confidence blip," one tradercommented.    But despite today's upturn, the overall trend is for lowerprices in the near future, one trade source said.    The market had become increasingly vulnerable toyesterday's shakeout, having held within a 1,250/1,350 stgsecond position trading range for 22 successive sessions, hesaid.    Technically the market is more likely to decline further asit absorbs today's brief rally. Steep declines towards the1,100/1,050 stg area could foster a "three figure mentality," andspeculators may elect to push for coffee prices below thepsychological 1,000 stg level, he added.    Some traders said today's upturn was in part due toBrazil's opening last night of May green coffee exportregistrations.     This had been widely anticipated by the market and came asno surprise, but it did remove some prevailing uncertainty andlight trade buying was seen this morning as a consequence.    However, the overall trend remains downwards and a test ofsupport at 1,200 stg should be expected soon, with the onlypossible supportive influence on the horizon being the approachof Brazil's frost season, they said.    Roasters are believed to be well covered, limitingactivities to modest hand-to-mouth purchases and generally nottaking up producer offers, they added.    Central American producers have sold the bulk of theircurrent crops, but robusta producers in West Africa andIndonesia need to sell coffee for April through July shipment,and this could pressure prices further, traders said.    However, one dealer, although seeing no reason to bebullish, advised caution. "Everybody's bearish now, just as theywere bullish when the market was at 3,100 stg," he said.    Arthur Cherry, coffee analyst at E.D. and F. Man, expresseddoubts the price spiral would continue much below currentlevels. "One dlr coffee is catastrophic for many producers --there must be a minimum below which prices cannot fall."    While prices dropped to the lowest levels since September1982 yesterday, manufacturers have no plans to cut their retailprices.    "Its impossible to say, we can't predict anything like thatat this stage," a General Foods spokesman said.    Manufacturers have lowered prices recently anyway inresponse to market weakness. At the beginning of March theprice of a 100 gram jar of coffee was cut to 1.55 stg from 1.65stg in Britain. But should coffee market prices continue tofall, the situation would be reviewed, the spokesman added.    Nestle also has no plans to make additional price cuts inthe near future.    "The market seems to have established some equilibrium anddoesn't look set to go much lower," a Nestle spokesmancommented.    Coffee's plunge this week has been mirrored by tea, whichfell to a 5-1/2 year low at today's auction at 1.18 stg perkilo for medium quality, traders added. Reuter&#3;