Record high borrowing of 376 billion dlrsin 1986 on international capital markets was supported by alarge volume of debt refinancing and growing integrationbetween national and international markets, the OECD said.    The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development(OECD) said in its latest Financial Market Trends report the 34pct rise over 1985 volume was accompanied by major changes inthe relative importance of the instruments used ininternational financing.    Straight bond offerings, equity related securities andeuro-commercial paper programmes as a share in total financingrose to their highest level this decade. The markets forfloating-rate notes and for note issuance facilities declined.    The OECD said another striking feature of internationalcapital markets in 1986 was the unprecedented concentration oflending to the OECD group of western industrialised countries,which accounted for 90 pct of total borrowing.    Factors behind the heightened pace of activity included anotable decline in interest rates which boosted borrowingthrough the flotation of fixed-interest securities.    This in turn was stimulated by growing familiarity with newtechniques such as interest rate and currency swaps.    Stockmarket buoyancy supported the expansion ofequity-related bond issues and favoured the expansion of arapidly expanding market for euro-equities.    A slowdown in net demand for funds by sovereign borrowerswas more than offset by a large volume of refinancingoperations induced by improved market conditions and strongerdebt management policies. Growing integration with nationalmarkets meant the arrival of a large number of new players oninternational markets.    It added the development of a smoothly-functioning marketfor short-term euro-notes made committee and non-underwrittenissuance facilities an increasingly popular alternative totraditional forms of bank lending.    Turning to 1987, the OECD pointed to indications of apossible slowdown of international markets' expansion andpossibly less easy borrowing terms in a number of market areas.    It said many market participants saw little scope for afurther decline in long-term rates and anticipate a slowdown inthe pace of fixed-rate activity in the months ahead.    It saw little reason for a turnaround in the decline indemand of recent years, although it was likely more borrowerswould try to make use of cost-reducing opportunities providedby the market for euro-commercial paper.    "It remains to be seen however to what extent the ECP marketwill be ready to absorb a significant volume of paper fromlower-rated borrowers," the report said, adding that any majoradvance in the euro-note market's absorptive capacity wouldrequire a significantly broader investor base. Reuter&#3;