Ministers from the majortrading nations have for the first time made a concertedcommitment to review the whole distorted structure of worldfarm trade, Canadian Trade Minister Patricia Carney said.    "We think we can get some movement on this," she toldreporters at a briefing following informal talks with the U.S.,Japanese and European Community (EC) trade ministers here.    Canada, strongly supported by Australia, has championed thecause of both developed and developing nations which have seentheir farm trade suffer largely due to a farm subsidy warbetween the United States and the EC.    Japan"s protected agricultural markets have also attractedcriticism.    The issue is of extreme importance to many indebted,developing nations which often rely totally on one or two farmsector exports to sustain their economies but which cannotcompete with the subsidised U.S. And EC products.    "Canada can afford so many billions of dollars (to do so),but many countries cannot," said Carney.    She said the EC had changed its previous unhelpful attitudeand had raised proposals similar to those of Canada under whichto discuss the issue.    Talks will now continue at the Organisation of EconomicCooperation and Development (OECD), which meets next month, andat the series of discussions on a new world trading framework,begun at Punta del Este, Uruguay, last year.    Carney said Japan had also agreed to take a positive rolein the farm talks, and that the United States was willing tosee short-term progress, as long as long-term solutions werenot affected.    Canada"s five point programme demands that farm productprices must reflect open world market prices, that any supportfor farmers incomes should not be linked to productionincentives, that there should be no new farm subsidies, no newfarm import barriers, and that any decisions should beimplemented collectively.    The farm trade problem was almost completely ignored by theindustrialised world until Canada raised it last year at theTokyo summit of seven leading industrial powers.    The distortions created by subsidies and protectionism havecreated some absurd situations.    For example, to protect its farmers the Japanese governmentbuys Canadian wheat and sells it at 10 times the purchase priceto Japanese consumers.    "So we end up borrowing in the Japanese (financial) marketto help pay subsidies to keep our farmers while they make aprofit on our wheat to help pay the price support for theirfarmers," said Carney.    The problem causes pain for many nations and increases thealready dangerously high debts that they owe mainly to U.S.,Japanese and EC banks. REUTER&#3;