Brazil would not have suspendedpayments on debt owed to foreign banks if it had received moreand faster financing from official lending agencies, FinanceMinister Dilson Funaro said.    He said he would not seek more money from the InternationalMonetary Fund to which Brazil paid 922 mln dlrs last year andsaid Brazil's problems could not be solved by IMF intervention.    "It's a question of why the official lending agencies don'tfinance a little bit more quickly and easily," Funaro toldreporters at the Brazilian Embassy.    Asked if Brazil would have continued making payments ofmonthly interest to its foreign commercial bank lenders ifofficial lending agencies had provided more funds, he replied,"Yes, because our country did not receive financing from theseagencies."    Asked how long the payment suspension would last, Funarosaid "It all depends on what kind of financing we are going toreceive from the other side."    Brazil, with foreign debt totaling 108 billion dlrs,stunned the banking community last week by suspending paymentson some 68 billion dlrs owed to private banks.    Funaro said Brazil had paid 44 billion dollars to the WorldBank and other lending agencies and commercial banks in thepast four years and got only 11 billion dlrs in loans.    He said the net transfer was hurting the country'scontinued growth and capacity to import goods.    "Something is wrong with the system. Some mechanism has tobe found to finance a country like Brazil," Funaro said.    He did not specify what steps he had in mind but said hewould like to see "automatic" official lending when needed sothat Brazil would not have to dip into its dwindling reserves,now reported to be below four billion dlrs.    Funaro said Brazil had the world's third-largest tradesurplus and estimated the 1987 surplus would be at least eightbillion dlrs.    But he said that without increased and faster lending fromofficial institutions, the nation could not rely on its exportearnings to finance development and imports and also serviceits debt.    "We must find an equilibrium between foreign adjustment andinternal adjustment," Funaro said.    He complained that official lending agencies had imposedtight control on credit over the past four years, leavingcommercial bank refinancing as the only credit available.    Funaro said U.S officials understand his position "but theydon't like it." Later he left Washington for a tour of Europeand debt discussions with officials in Britain, West Germany,France, Switzerland and Italy.    Brazil's central cank President Francisco Gros said he senta telex to creditor banks Friday to clarify confusion overBrazil's request that banks expedite procedures for renewal ofshort-term interbank credit and trade credit lines.    Reuter&#3;