Public Service Co of NewMexico said it is evaluating placing its electric distributionsystem in a limited partnership with assets of about 400 mlndlrs.    The utility said it advised a customer task force this isone restructuring alternative being considered for thecompany's electric business.    The structure is being evaluated as part of the company'soverall initiative in response to several goals announced byNew Mexico Governor Garrey Carruthers, it explained.    Public Service New Mexico said a central feature of itsreorganization concept would be to separate the company'selectric utility operation into independent generation anddistribution entities, creating the opportunity for a targeted35 mln dlr a year rate decrease.    Noting the use of the limited partnership structure by avariety of businesses recently, the company said it believes"the concept may well have an application in the utilitybusiness and intend to investigate it fully."    The generation company would provide projected power needsof the distribution entity under a 30-year "power securityagreement" which would have a federally regulated ratestructure, the company said.    Public Service New Mexico said the restructuring couldprovide for its gas and water utilities and its non-utilitycompanies becoming subsidaries of the proposed holding companyapproved by the company's shareholders in May 1986.    This holding company would be the general partner of thelimited partnership, the company said.    The company said its limited partnership concept waspresented to an ad hoc customer task force convened by Gov.Carruthers to review the company's reorganization proposals.    It said the reorganization and limited partnership are analternative structure that would  help reduce rates through alower overall cost of capital.    Last month the governor said "I have outlined to PNMcritical goals which I have asked them to cooperate with mayadministration in achieving" adding the goals include immediaterate reduction, stabilization of future rates and stimulationof business expansion.    The company told the task force the new distributioncompany, under the limited partnership alternative orotherwise, would continue to be fully regulated by stateregulators.    PNM's proposed generation company would continue to beowned by common shareholders through the holding company. Itsrates would be set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commissionwhich regulates for wholesale electric power sales andtransmission services. The generation company would have noretail customers.    PNM said it expects to file a detailed restructuring planwith state regulators in the near future, noting approval wouldalso be needed by FERC. Reuter&#3;