Wall Street's biggest brokerage firms,eager for funds and foreign ties to fuel internationalexpansion, are expected to find more partnerships among Japan'scash-rich companies, analysts said.    Yesterday, American Express Co's &lt;AXP> board formallyapproved a linkup with &lt;Nippon Life Insurance Co> for itselfand its &lt;Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc> brokerage unit. NipponLife will receive 13 pct of Shearson for 538 mln dlrs.    Nippon Life's investment in Shearson follows last year'sinvestment by &lt;Sumitomo Bank Ltd> in &lt;Goldman, Sachs and Co>.Sumitomo paid 500 mln dlrs for 12.5 pct of the firm.    "There certainly is potential for additional investment orfurther linkups with other Japanese financial institutions. Ithink the pattern has established itself here, and it'sreasonable to expect further investment down the road," saidPrudential-Bache Securities analyst Larry Eckenfelder.    Speculation of such partnerships spread to other brokeragestocks, resulting in rising stock prices in recent sessions.    "The brokerage industry needs capital and the evolution ofthe value of the yen and the dollar suggests there's going tobe a great deal of investment by Japanese firms in the U.S.,"said another analyst.    As globalization of the financial markets accelerates,Japanese firms are expected to turn their sights on theexpertise of the U.S. brokerage industry.    Competiton to gain a foothold in the important asian marketand Europe has also created a craving for more capital by U.Sfirms.    "Morgan (Stanley), First Boston, Salomon (Brothers),Merrill (Lynch). Those would be the firms more likely toconsider hooking up with a Japanese firm, and those would bethe ones the Japanese would be most interested in," Eckenfeldersaid.    All of those firms, he said, have been establishingthemselves in Japan.    While Wall Street views the investment by Nippon favorably,there is some underlying concern that Japanese companies maylearn enough from their U.S. partners to ultimately pose thesame type of competitive threat they havemade in electronics and automobiles.    "The difficult issue is what investment really will lead toas markets deregulate. Passive investment is an educationgathering period. Obviously, there are regulatory barrierstoward exercising management control," said Samuel Liss, abrokerage industry analyst with Salomon Brothers.    The Nippon purchase of a stake in Shearson must be approvedby U.S. regulators and the Japan Finance Ministry. There willalso be a public offering for 18 pct of Shearson.    Nippon and Shearson have already said they would form ajoint venture company in London to work on investment advisory,asset management, and consulting on financing.    Analysts believe Nippon has willingly paid a premium forits stake, but it will also receive warrants for one mlnAmerican Express shares and the 13 mln shares in Shearson willbe cumulative preferred, convertible to common after U.S.regulatory approval is granted.    American Express has also guaranteed it will retain aminimum of 40 pct of Shearson until 1990.    American Express and Nippon are also expected to workclosely. For instance, analysts expect it to market theAmerican Express card more actively in Japan with the help ofNippon.    "The key to the deal is not just raising capital forShearson, but forming a strategic alliance with Nippon," saidAlan Zimmerman of Kidder, Peabody and Co.    American Express stock responded favorably to theannouncements, climbing 2-1/8 to 79 in active trading today.    Some analysts believe Nippon is also interested in gaininga foothold in the U.S. market with the help of American Expressand Shearson.    Analysts predicted other Japanese insurers may be eager tofollow Nippon Life. U.S. insurers have found numerous partnersthemselves in the brokerage industry.    For instance, Equitable Life Assurance Co owns Donaldson,Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corp, and Prudential LifeInsurance Co owns Prudential-Bache Securities Inc.    Eckenfelder said Japanese brokerage firms would not belikely acquirors of U.S. firms for the time being, althoughthey have often been rumored suitors in the past. Last year,when Shearson unsuccessfully courted E.F. Hutton Group &lt;EFH>,Japanese firms were also rumored to be willing partners. Reuter&#3;