The start of trading on the newSingapore Government Securities Market has been postponed untillate March or early April because legislative amendments stillneed parliamentary approval, banking sources said.    The new bill market, intended to establish a base for awider capital market and to encourage private bond issues inSingapore, was supposed to be launched today.    William K.K. Wong, managing director of Indosuez Asia(Singapore) Ltd, said there is no real obstacle to prevent thenew market from taking off. Most dealers are optimistic it willprovide more liquidity for operators to trade, he said.    Lawrence Yeo, director of Citicorp Investment Bank(Singapore) Ltd, said the market's success depends on domesticparticipation.    The five primary dealers and the three registered dealerswill all be local companies.    The primary dealers are &lt;Commercial Discount Co Ltd>,&lt;National Discount Co Ltd>, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd&lt;OCBM.SI>, &lt;Overseas Union Bank Ltd> and United Overseas BankLtd &lt;UOBM.SI>. They will underwrite the Monetary Authority ofSingapore (MAS) auctions, maintain market liquidity and channelopen-market operations, MAS said.    &lt;Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Ltd>, &lt;Indosuez Asia(Singapore) Ltd> and &lt;Credit Suisse First Boston Asia Ltd> willbe recognised as registered dealers. They will act as marketmakers but will not bid directly at auctions.    MAS plans to launch trading by issuing taxable instrumentsgrossing seven billion dlrs in the first year and a gross 38billion dlrs of paper over the first five years.    Non-competitive bids from primary dealers prepared toaccept average yield will be allocated first, to a maximum500,000 dlrs for notes and bonds and to an unlimited amount fortreasury bills.    The remaining amount will be awarded to competitive biddersfrom the lowest yield upwards.    In the secondary market, the standard lot traded betweendealers will be one mln dlrs worth of treasury bills and500,000 dlrs worth of government notes and bonds. REUTER&#3;