The Bank of Finland said it hasstarted dealings in banks' certificates of deposits (CDs) withimmediate effect and that it was prepared to issue its ownpaper to stimulate operations on the domestic money market.    Bank of Finland Governor Rolf Kullberg told a newsconference the Bank will also limit credits on the call moneymarket from March 30, 1987, by introducing a maximum creditamount and a penalty rate if banks exceed this ceiling.    "The recent introduction of three-month money and these newregulations are decreasing the role of the call money marketand the discount rate as monetary instruments," Kullberg said.    Bankers welcomed the central bank measures saying thesewere needed to accelerate the domestic money market. The Bankof Finland had never before been allowed to issue its own CDs,they said.    "The central bank for the first time has an instrument withwhich it really can influence the price of money in thiscountry," one banker said.    Under the new rules banks are limited to call money creditsto a maximum of 7.5 pct of the total of their equity capitaland cash reserves. A penalty rate of interest of 19 pct is nowintroduced if the limit is exceeded.    Director Sixten Korkman at the Bank of Finland's monetarydepartment said he expected the bank to pursue an active policyon the interbank market as an issuer of own-CDs.    "We are free to do it, so maybe on Monday we will issue thefirst, just to see how the system functions. Overall I think wewill issue at least a few times a week," Korkman told Reuters.    He said the bank was likely to aim at CDs with athree-month maturity at first as the market was best developedfor paper of that maturity.    The Bank of Finland introduced last December three-monthcredits and deposits at rates determined by the central bankand the commercial banks as a shift away from the traditionalovernight call money market.    Liquidity on the call credit market has fallen from aroundnine billion markka in early December to 167 mln last week,while three-month credits have risen to three to four billion.    On the interbank market there has been an increasing tradein banks' CDs, estimated to be some eight billion markka. Inaddition, commercial paper accounts for around five billionmarkka and Treasury Bills two billion. REUTER&#3;