World Bank president Barber Conable saidhe was concerned about the state of Brazil's economy and urgedthe country to come up with a plan soon to put its economichouse in order.    "I am very concerned about the Brazilian economy," he toldreporters after a news conference in Tokyo.    He said Brazil had caught the attention of the world withits decision last month to stop paying interest on its loansfrom commercial banks but warned it not to sqaunder the time itgained by failing to come up with a new economic program.    Brazil's decision jolted the world's financial community asthe country is 108 billion dlrs in debt, including some 68billion owed to commercial banks.    Brazilian Finance Ministry sources said in Brasiliayesterday that the country was preparing a new economicstrategy designed to ensure domestic economic growth.    Despite mounting domestic and overseas pressure, Brazil hassaid repeatedly that it will not go to the InternationalMonetary Fund (IMF) for help in drawing up a new plan for fearthat will only throw its economy into recession.    Conable said the country may be able to get away with notgoing to the IMF for help, but will need an IMF-type economicprogram if it wants to regain the confidence of lenders.    Outsiders like the World Bank are reluctant to suggestpossible solutions to Brazil's economic problems because of thedelicate political situation there, he added.    While the World Bank has a role to play in helping Brazil,it can&#127;ot replace the IMF as an overseer of the economy,Conable said. He added that the Fund can be very flexible inits dealings with developing countries, adjusting its approachto the political realities.    Brazil still seems willing to talk to the Fund under theannual discussions that all IMF members undertake, Conablesaid, adding that this could partially solve the currentstalemate.    During his news conference, Conable said the World Bankbacked U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's Third World debtinitiative, which calls for stepped up lending to heavilyindebted Third World countries adopting economic policies.    "The World Bank believes the Baker initiative is the bestapproach," he said. "Debt forgiveness is difficult to design inany fair way and also will tend to discourage furtherinvestment and development."    He cited the recent multi-billion dollar debt package forMexico, the Third World's most indebted country after Brazil.    "Will it work?" he asked. "We don't know...But we think itmore likely to work than any of the alternatives suggested."    Conable, who is here to meet government and businessleaders, expressed confidence that Japan will make increasinguse of its huge trade surplus to help developing countries.    "We are quite confident Japan will make an increasinginvestment in development because of their willingness tosupport institutions like ours in increasing ways with eachpassing year," he said. REUTER&#3;