Hollinger Inc will pay about 50 mln dlrscash for its previously reported acquisition of privately ownedUnimedia Inc, chairman Conrad Black told reporters after theannual meeting, confirming a published report.    Commenting on press reports about the 50 mln dlr price tag,Black said, "That would not be wildly inaccurate," although hedeclined to disclose the actual cost.    Montreal-based Unimedia is Quebec's third largest newspapergroup, with three French language daily newspapers in QuebecCity, Ottawa and Chicoutimi, Quebec and four printing plants inOntario and Quebec.    Black added that Hollinger would also continue seekingacquisitions of daily newspapers with circulation under 25,000readers. He said Hollinger was currently talking to about 10such newspapers in the U.S. where the company currently owns 23dailies.    "There is really no end to the ones that are available," hetold reporters, although he added that most remainingacquisition opportunities are in the U.S.    He said that Hollinger's 58 pct-owned Daily Telegraph PLC,of London, should become profitable in this year's fourthquarter.       For full-year 1987, the Daily Telegraph could break even orbetter, said Black, citing major reductions in labor costs andimproved technology at the Telegraph, Britain's largestcirculation quality daily. The Telegraph lost 13.2 mln Canadiandlrs last year.    Daily Telegraph chief executive Andrew Knight toldreporters after the meeting that the Telegraph's dailycirculation had risen by 25,000 since September to about1,150,000 on weekdays, despite added competition from the newIndependent daily newspaper.       Knight said The Independent was not affecting theTelegraph's growth, but was making inroads into the circulationof other London quality dailies such as The Times and TheGuardian.    Hollinger chairman Black predicted Hollinger would post1987 net income of about 55 mln dlrs, or one dlr a share,including extraordinary gains from previous sales ofdiscontinued operations. Hollinger lost 87 mln dlrs or 6.54dlrs a share last year on fewer average shares and after anextraordinary loss of 52 mln dlrs.       Black told shareholders that first quarter operatingearnings on continuing operations amounted to 499,000 dlrsagainst a year-ago loss of 165,000 dlrs.    Revenues on continuing operations rose to 102.1 mln dlrsfrom 1.5 mln dlrs last year, which did not include DailyTelegraph revenues, he added. Consolidated first quarterfigures were not disclosed.    He said the Daily Telegraph's first quarter operating losswas sharply reduced from last year. Reuter&#3;