Expanding global links betweenfutures markets mean that the Singapore International MonetaryExchange (SIMEX) must add Chicago and London to its list ofrivals, banking sources said.    When SIMEX and the Sydney Futures Exchange (SFE) introducedU.S. Treasury bond futures last autumn, the sources expected tosee fierce rivalry between the two exchanges, ending with onlyone winner in Asia.    But surprisingly, the challenges now appear to be comingfrom the other side of the world, they said.    The Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) will introduce nighttrading in its U.S. Treasury bond contract on April 30, whichcould clash with SIMEX morning activity, banking sources said.    The CBOT had planned to introduce night trading on April 2,but postponed the move to allow participants time to prepare.    The London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE)could cut further into the SIMEX contract with a U.S. Treasurybond contract that can be offset on the CBOT, they said. Such aLIFFE contract is expected later this year.    LIFFE liquidity could be higher than at the SIMEX, whereaverage daily volume in Treasury bonds dropped to 165 inFebruary from 1,286 last October when the bonds were firstintroduced.    The contracts were set up to attract hedging from therapidly growing underlying cash market in U.S. Treasury bondsin Toyko, but interest has waned as that market has grown morestable, traders said.    Restrictions on investments by Japanese residents have alsoinhibited the growth of the futures contracts in both Singaporeand Sydney, the banking sources said.    Nevertheless, all 450 seats on SIMEX are now taken, withthe last trading at 55,000 dlrs against the initial price of50,000 dlrs. The current bid is 55,500 dlrs, but offers at65,000 show that confidence in SIMEX remains, said MichaelKillian, general manager of Chase Manhattan Futures Corp.    Killian, a SIMEX board member, said the CBOT night sessionmight raise arbitrage opportunities and SIMEX would benefitfrom a local stock exchange index contract planned for the endof 1987. SIMEX also became more competitive after this month'sbudget eliminated withholding tax on interest earned on futuresmargin deposits.    Banking sources said the tax change would boost SIMEXtrading by non-bank institutions and individuals and wouldbenefit foreign firms and institutions.    While the Treasury bond contract has been somewhatdisappointing, other SIMEX contracts continue to expand, FongYew Meng, SIMEX assistant general manager, told Reuters.    Volume in the SIMEX's Nikkei stock index, based on theTokyo stock market, has risen to a daily average of more than1,000 contracts this month, from 320 contracts last October,helped by uncertainty during the recent bull run in Tokyostocks, Fong said.    Open interest in the Nikkei contract, introduced last year,reached a record 2,697 on February 26.    Killian said the Nikkei contract has considerable potentialfor expansion, as overseas investors have been avoiding thecontract because they currently see no need to hedge the risingcash market in Tokyo.    SIMEX is also enjoying record trading in other contracts.In February, total volume on the exchange reached a record122,819 contracts, surpassing the previous monthly record of116,767 set in September. Eurodollar volume reached a record78,546 contracts last month against 70,306 in September.    SIMEX is likely to try to maintain its growth by movinginto options soon, but competition continues regionally as wellas globally, banking sources said.    The Sydney exchange plans to introduce by June a shareindex futures contract based on a composite of stocks on whichequity options are traded, which could generate more liquiditythan the ordinary index, banking sources said.    Local interest in the Sydney Treasury bond contract mayalso flare if the Sydney exchange establishes a three-way linkwith Chicago and London, traders in Sydney said.    LIFFE is discussing such a link with the CBOT, they said. REUTER&#3;