Canada Post asked the federal governmentto appoint a mediator to help end an increasingly violentseries of strikes by the country's letter carriers.    The government is expected to respond quickly to therequest that was made after the union formally rejected thecorporation's latest offer to settle the four-day-old dispute.    The state-run postal service also said it would halt theuse of replacement workers that the union has blamed for thetrouble on the picket line.    "We have become increasingly concerned that the safety ofour employees, both striking employees and replacement workers,is at risk," Canada Post negotiator Harold Dunstan toldreporters at a downtown Ottawa hotel.    Robert McGarry, president of the 20,000 member LetterCarriers Union, told reporters he and other union leaders wouldconsider suspending the walkouts for a week while the mediatoris involved.    In a bid to step up pressure on management, letter carrierswalked out in Toronto today where some 50 pct of the country'smail is sorted.    Workers also set up picket lines in other populous citiesin southern Ontario, but went back to work in most othercenters across Canada.    There have been several arrests, property damage, andsometimes violent clashes between strikers and replacementworkers whom the corporation hired to try and keep the mailmoving.    The Canadian Union of Postal Workers (CUPW), whichrepresents postal employees who are not letter carriers andwhich is not on strike, said one of its workers was stabbed andis now in the hospital after a scuffle broke out with areplacement worker in Toronto early today.    Police, however, said they had no report of a stabbing.    CUPW President Jean-Claude Parrot called for theresignation of Andre Harvie, minister responsible for CanadaPost, for condoning the use of the so-called strikebreakers.    "The federal government has (the) blood of workers on itshands in this postal strike," Parrot told reporters at theunion's Ottawa headquarters. Reuter&#3;