The move by foreign exchange markets totest the strength of the Paris currency accord has thrown intoquestion the near-term outlook for sterling, until recently oneof the main beneficiaries of the agreement, analysts said.    Since the six-nation accord last month, sterling has risensharply, adding almost five pct on its trade-weighted index.    While the accord effectively stifled dollar/yen anddollar/mark movements, the markets turned their attention tosterling as foreign investors rushed to take advantage ofrelatively high U.K. Interest rates.    But analysts say the pound has been sidelined by the firsttentative test of the Paris accord seen yesterday.    The market now looks set sooner or later to push the dollardown further in a test of the willingness of central banks tointervene. Analysts say if the banks do not interveneeffectively, the Paris accord could collapse.    "On balance, sterling would be a net sufferer if G-6collapses," Phillips and Drew analyst Stephen Lewis said.    He said sterling would lose out as markets turned theirattention to capital movements whereas previously they had beenrestricted to looking only at the interest yield on currencies.    However, although most analysts and foreign exchangedealers were forecasting a brief period of consolidation oreven retracement for sterling, none were expecting a very sharpdrop in the U.K. Currency.    Sterling remained supported by optimism on the U.K.Political and economic outlook, firmer oil prices andrelatively high interest rates, they said.    Bullish sentiment on the U.K. Economic outlook has beenrunning especially high after last week's budget, seen aspopular both with the markets and with British voters.    Sterling was also supported by signs of a weakening in theWest German and Japanese economies, where growth for 1987 istrailing behind the three pct forecast for the U.K.    Recent opinion polls showing Britain's ruling conservativeparty ahead of opposition parties in popularity have alsosupported the pound.    In addition, sterling has so far shrugged off twohalf-point cuts in U.K. Bank base lending rates in less thantwo weeks. A further half-point cut, widely expected in thenext week or so, has already been largely discounted.    U.K. Base rates, now running at 10 pct, are stillrelatively high compared to other western countries, andanalysts said a further base rate cut to 9-1/2 pct was unlikelyto affect sterling.    Sterling today appeared resilient to the dollar's decline,dropping only slightly on a cross-rate basis.    Worries about renewed turbulence in the foreign exchangemarkets, however, were reflected in the U.K. Government bond(gilt) market, where prices dropped by up to 5/16 point.    Until now foreign investor interest in the gilt market hasbeen one of the major reasons behind the rise in sterling.    Dealers said they expected the pound to hold quietly steadyfor the next few days while the market awaits furtherdevelopments on the dollar and this Thursday's U.K. Currentaccount figures for February.    Market forecasts are for a deficit of around 250 mln stgafter January's small surplus. REUTER&#3;