There should be at least one mergerbetween major European zinc smelters before the end of thedecade, Christian Bue, Executive Vice President (commercial) ofSMM Penarroya in France, said.    Speaking on the second day of the Metal Bulletin basemetals conference, Bue said he expected the current talksbetween five smelters including Penarroya to result inintegration between at least some of the companies before 1990.    The five companies, SMM Penarroya, Outokumpu Oy, PreussagAg, Ste de la Vieille Montagne and Boliden Ore and Metals AB,have 22 pct of the world market, Bue added.    "We have no alternative than to integrate out businessesinto large trading blocs if we are to survive the cut-throatprice competition and the trend to forward integration from themining companies," Bue said.    "It is by no means certain that all the five companiesinvolved in the talks will integrate together. It is quitelikely, and even preferable, that the European smelters formtwo or three large integrated blocs.    "In this way we will be better able to negotiate with ourconcentrate suppliers on one side, and with the metal buyers onthe other," Bue added.    In the past, production overcapacity and the intensecompetition between the European zinc smelters has meant theyhave not only been in a very weak negotiating position whenbuying concentrates, but in an even weaker one when selling themetal, Bue noted.    Although the apparently easy solution is to simply shutdown excess capacity, the burden of this on individualcompanies is far too heavy and no one can be expected tovolunteer, he added.    Another possible but very risky solution is to investheavily in more modern and lower cost facilities, he said.    "My answer to this suggestion is that individual companieswho do not invest will surely die, and those that do investmight survive, but only might, " Bue said.    "The only real option in my mind is integration,rationalization and stabilization. We have no alternative, " headded.    Bue also said that the European smelters were completelydissatisfied with the tradition of pricing concentrates andmetals in US dollars, and suggested moving either to a basketof the world's major currencies or pricing in European currencyunits (Ecus) to protect against exchange rate volatility.    Bue's views on integration between European smelters weremet by general approval from the conference audience comprisingrepresentatives from many of the world's major mining, smeltingand trading companies, although some of the miningrepresentatives were somewhat sceptical in view of their ownindustry's move towards integration with smelters.    However, some concentrate traders did express worry abouttheir own position if the metals industry does make the move tolarge trading blocs.    The currency basket suggestion cropped up constantly, butfew said they thought matters would change in the near future. REUTER&#3;