Texaco Inc made a filing in a TexasCourt of Appeals to enjoin the enforcement of the 10.3 billiondlr judgement pending appeal, an attorney for Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL>said.    "They made the filing in the First Court of Appeals inTexas," said John Jeffers, an attorney at the Houston law firmof Baker and Botts representing Pennzoil.    A Spokesman for Texaco had no immediate comment. Attorneysrepresenting Texaco were not immediately available.    The filing follows yesterday's decision by the U.S. SupremeCourt, overturning a lower federal court decision that had cutTexaco's bond to one billion dlrs. The high court ruled thatthe issue should first be considered by Texas state courts.    Texaco yesterday said it would soon file to preventenforcement of the bond, but it was unsure whether it wouldmake the filing in a District Court, the Court of Appeals orthe Texas Supreme Court.    Jeffers said Texaco chose the Appeals Court because itcurrently has jurisdiction in the case.    According to Texas state law, Texaco could be forced topost the full amount of the judgement as a bond. If it failedto do so, Pennzoil could seek liens on Texaco's assets for theamount of the judgement.    Texaco's filing contains a request to cut the amount of thebond to between one and 1.5 billion dlrs, Jeffers said. Askedwhat Pennzoil's thought of that amount, he said, "I don't thinkit's enough."    Pennzoil has repeatedly said it would not seek to forceTexaco to post the full amount of the judgement in the form ofa bond, but has said it would seek other forms of security.    "We've recognized there are other alternatives to a bond,"Jeffers, the Pennzoil attorney, said.    Pennzoil will also have the right to respond to the filingbut Jeffers said he was unsure when the response would be made.    The dispute between Texaco and Pennzoil stems from the 1984takeover of Getty Oil Co by Texaco. Pennzoil said the mergerviolated a prior agreement it had to buy Getty and sued Texaco.Since then, Pennzoil's position has twice been upheld by TexasState Courts. The Judgement now stands at 10.3 billion dlrs,including interest, and is on appeal. Reuter&#3;