A unanimous Supreme Court ruled thatoil and gas exploration can proceed on two tracts off theAlaska coast which were leased by the federal government toeight major oil companies.    The ruling was an important victory for the oil companiesand the Reagan administration's controversial off-shore leasingprogram and a setback for two small Alaskan villages thatchallenged the leases by claiming damage to the environment.    The administration said that the court-ordered halt indrilling had created uncertainty over the 4.2 billion dlrs paidfor 621 leases off the shores of Alaska since December 1980.    A federal appeals court ordered the oil companies to haltall exploration and remove all drilling rigs from two tracts inthe Bering Sea off Alaska because of possible harm to thesubsistence needs and culture of native Eskimos.    But the Supreme Court said the appeals court was wrong inissuing an injunction halting exploration.    "Here, injury to subsistence resources from exploration wasnot at all probable," Justice Byron White wrote for the court."And on the other side of the balance of harms was the factthat the oil companies had committed approximately 70 mln dlrsto exploration to be conducted during the summer of 1985 whichthey would have lost without chance of recovery had explorationbeen enjoined," he said.    The oil companies, Amoco Corp &lt;AN>, ARCO, Exxon Corp &lt;XON>,Mobil Corp &lt;MOB>, Sohio, Shell, Texaco Inc &lt;TX> and Union Oil,had said that voiding previously granted leases would result instaggering financial losses.    The first lease sale in 1983 involved 2.4 mln acres andgenerated 318 mln dlrs while the second lease sale in 1984covered 37 mln acres and produced 516 mln dlrs.    Administration officials, saying the lease sales werepreceded by an intense environmental impact study, denied thatthe oil and gas exploration would hurt subsistence resources.    The Alaskan villages of Gambell and Stebbins, along with anorganization of Eskimo natives on the Yukon Delta, argued thatthe drilling would hurt native hunting and fishing. Reuter&#3;