Cyacq Corp, an investor group biddingfor Cyclops Corp, said it amended its outstanding 92.50 dlrs ashare tender offer for Cyclops to eliminate two conditions andmodify a third one.    The group, which includes Audio/Video Affiliates Inc and aunit of Citicorp &lt;CCI>, said it also obtained additionalfinancing commitments, including an increased commitment fromCiticorp Capital Investors Ltd.    The conditions that were eliminated are Cyacq's request fornon-public information about Cyclops that was previouslyprovided to Dixons Group PLC and Cyacq's being satisified thatthe information provides an adequate basis for Cyclop'spublished financial projections.    Cyclops has agreed to be acquired Dixons Group, which has a90.25 dlrs a share tender offer for Cyclops outstanding. Dixonssaid earlier it would allow the offer to expire tonight.    The condition that was modified, which required Cyacq to besatisfied that break up fees or other obligations to Dixonswere rescinded or ineffective, now says Cyclops shall not havepaid any such fees or expenses to Dixons prior to theconsummation of Cyacq's offer.    Cyacq's amended offer expires midnight New York time onApril three, 1987, unless extended.    Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co and CIT Group/BusinessCredit Inc increased its tender offer commitment to 197 mlndlrs from 166 mln dlrs and its merger commitment to 275 mlndlrs from 250 mln dlrs.    Additionally, the Citicorp unit and Audio/Video haveincreased their commitments to Cyacq to 185 mln dlrs. Of thenew total, 150 mln dlrs has been committed by Citicorp.    Cyacq said it estimates that it needs 407.5 mln dlrs to buyall Cyclops shares that may be tendered and pay related feesand expenses.    It said it is seeking to arrange the balance of about 25.5mln dlrs necessary to complete the offer.    All previously announced conditions regarding the lendinggroup led by Manufacturers Hanover remain in effect, exceptthat the loans are subject to the concurrent receipt by Cyacqof equity contributions and other financing of not less than210.5 mln dlrs for the tender offer facility and 213.5 mln dlrsfor the merger facility.    Cyacq also said the Citicorp unit had received noindications of interest in an alternative offer it had madefrom Dixons, Cyclops or Alleghany Corp &lt;Y>, which has agreed toacquire Cyclops' industrial group from Dixons.    Under the alternative offer, the Citicorp unit, withCyacq's approval, proposed to acquire the industrial group fromDixons. Reuter&#3;