Lower production of coconutand palm oils could lead to a decline in vegetable oil stocksthis year despite growing supplies of oilseeds, senior oilseedsanalyst for Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Mario Balletto said.    Balletto told a conference of Canadian farmers at AlbertaAgriculture's annual farm outlook conference that the worldvegetable oil situation is one of potentially tight supplies.    "Prices for edible oils appear to have more upsidepotential reflecting strong world demand and an unprecedenteddecline in the production of tree oils," Balletto said.    Balletto estimated production of palm, coconut and palmkernel oils this year at 8.5 mln tonnes, down from 9.1 mlntonnes last year, enough to offset higher oilseed output.    He estimated total vegetable oil production this year at33.4 mln tonnes, up from 33.0 mln last year, and disappearanceat 34.0 mln tonnes, up from 32.6 mln.    Unless oilseed crushing increases sharply, he said,disappearance of vegetable oils could exceed production by600,000 tonnes, the largest deficit since 1976.    "If world protein meal demand stagnates, thus limiting thecrush of soybeans ... the need for serious supply rationing inthe edible oils sector could develop," he said.    "This would be relatively favorable for the prices of highoil yielding seeds," Balletto said.    Oilseeds, on the other hand, remain at depressed pricesbecause of burdensome supplies, he said.    World ending stocks of oilseeds are estimated to increasefor the fourth straight year to a record 28.4 mln tonnes,compared with 25.4 mln last year.    The increase should result from lower disappearance, asproduction is expected to fall to 184.0 mln tonnes from 185.7mln last year, he said.    World soybean production in 1987 totalled a record 98.9 mlntonnes, up from 90.6 mln the previous year, Balletto said,while production of other oilseeds was lower.    Higher soybean production in South America and Europe madeup for lower production in the United States, he said.    Soybeans account for the bulk of the surplus, and U.S.stocks make up most of those, Balletto said.    The Commodity Credit Corporation owned 12.7 mln tonnes,about half of the world soybean surplus, he said.    Since 1983-84, he said, world oilseed stocks have increased13.1 mln tonnes.    "During the same period, U.S. soybean stocks increased 12.1mln tonnes, becoming the dumping ground of the entire worldsurplus, courtesy of the CCC and highlighting the artificiallyhigh prices caused by the U.S. loan program."    "Soybean prices and, to a great extent, world oilseedsprices are likely to be dominated by the loan program, as longas the U.S. soybean surplus continues.    For the 1987 crop, he said, prices are likely to hover in arange tied to the U.S. loan program.    "Upside potential for prices is limited by the huge supplyoverhang while strong underlying support is provided by theU.S. loan rate."    The problem is likely to become worse as the artificiallyhigh prices encourage producers in South America, Canada andAustralia to shift from grains to oilseeds, Balletto said. Reuter&#3;