Sumner Redstone, president of NationalAmusements, Inc, predicted he can win regulatory approvals towrap up the 3.4 billion dlr acquisition of Viacom InternationalInc in 60 to 90 days.    Redstone, 63, catapulted himself into the big leagues ofentertainment early today when a group of Viacom managers andtheir financial backers decided not to top National's bid.    "We've had counsel working for some time in every regionwhere Viacom has cable televison systems" Redstone told Reutersin a telephone interview.    Redstone also said "Viacom is committed to working veryclosely with us to obtain approvals." Viacom has been seekingapprovals for transfer of its broadcast licenses and cablesystems since September when its management group firstadvanced a buyout plan.    But Redstone turned the situation into a spirited biddingcontest which was capped by the announcement this morning thatViacom's independent directors on behalf of Viacom entered intoa defintive merger agreement with National.    National is a family business which operates a chain ofmovie theaters. It is dwarfed by Viacom.    Redstone said he was weary after talks dragged on throughthe night but also excited at the prospect of running a leadingelectronic media company. He noted that the number of motionpicture admissions in the U.S. has shown no growth in 15 years.    Of nine satellite television channels operated by Viacom,four are motion-picture oriented pay channels. Redstone saidexclusive contracts with pay television networks are theemerging trend. "Up until recently you could see any motionpicture on any pay channel," Redstone said.    He noted Viacom has exclusive agreements with two studiosand plans to sign a deal with a third company next month.    Redstone said the management group's investment bankerswill be paid what is due for termination of its mergeragreement. Such fees could total about 30 mln dlrs. "That willbe a company expense," Redstone said.    He said BankAmerica &lt;BAC> Corp has had numerous inquiriesfrom lenders who want to participate in a 2.25 billion dlrfinancing for the deal. BankAmerica will provide 592 mln dlrs.    After the merger, Viacom will be a subsidiary of Nationalbut 17 pct of the company will be in public hands. Reuter&#3;