Iran reported launching a new offensive east ofIraq's southern city of Basra, while Baghdad said its forceshad repulsed the attack, killing thousands of Iranians.    - - - -    BEIRUT - Rescue workers planned to evacuate wounded fromPalestinian refugee settlements in Beirut in a bid to relievethe plight of the besieged community, Palestinian sources said.     - - - -    CAIRO - Egypt's opposition charged that yesterday's generalelection was rigged, as early results showed President HosniMubarak's ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) heading for abig majority in Parliament.     - - - -    ZEEBRUGGE, Belgium - A stricken British car ferry, in whichup to 140 bodies could still be trapped, rose slowly from theNorth Sea in a mammoth salvage operation off the coast.     - - - -    BUENOS AIRES - Pope John Paul, starting a one-week tour ofArgentina, told politicians they should always defend humanrights and that even in difficult situations no government hada right to respond to violence with violence.    - - - -    TOKYO - Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party outlined apackage of economic measures, under mounting protectionistpressure from the United States. Meanwhile, visiting BritishCorporate Affairs Minister Michael Howard told Japan to resolvea telecommunications row with his country or face an abruptdeterioration in trading relations.     - - - -    MANILA - Communist rebels said they had destroyed a vitalmilitary communications station in the Northern Philippines andan army spokesman said seven rebels were killed in a gun battlein the southern region.     - - - -    BELFAST - Mourners clashed with police at an IrishRepublican Army (IRA) funeral in Northern Ireland, prisonersrioted in a high-security jail and guerrillas attacked securitybases.     - - - -    FREETOWN, Sierra Leone - Sierra Leone's formervice-president Francis Minah, sacked two weeks after a failedcoup, has been detained on suspicion of involvement in theplot, police sources said.     - - - -    BELGRADE - Over 2,000 Yugoslav firms with almost 600,000workers are heading for bankruptcy, a trade union chief said.Newspapers quoted union leaders as saying recent strikes wouldbe aggravated when the authorities force loss-making companiesto shut down.     - - - -    BRUNSWICK, West Germany - A former chief of foreignexchange at Volkswagen has been arrested in connection with ascandal which may have cost the carmaker millions of dollars,the chief state prosecutor said.     - - - -    NEW DELHI - Hindus staged their biggest-ever rally in Delhito press their claim against India's Moslem minority forcontrol of a shrine disputed by the two faiths. REUTER&#3;