Securities and Exchange Commissionchairman John Shad said progress was being made in stoppinginsider trading, but the chairman of a House subcommittee withjurisdiction over securities laws said he was concerned aboutconditions on Wall Street.    "Greed has created a feeding frenzy on Wall Street and inthe process laws are broken and multi-billion dlr corporationshave become easy prey," Rep. Edward Markey, D-Mass, thechairman of the Telecommunications and Finance said at thestart of a hearing on SEC activities.    "Congress is understandably nervous. We perceive thecurrent scandals as a warning of even worse things to come,"Markey said. "The frenzy and disruption created by merger maniais particularly distressing."    Shad said the recent cases involving Ivan Boesky, DennisLevine and others was a warning that those who engage ininsider trading were taking a heavy risk of imprisonment, highfines and disbarment from the securities industry.    "Insider trading has not been eradicated, but it has beeninhibited and multimillions of dollars of profits that Boeskyand others have been siphoning off the markets are now flowingthrough to legitimate investors and traders," Shad said in hisstatement.    Shad said insider trading cases involved only 10 pct orless of SEC enforcement actions in recent years but they haveincreased significantly to 125 cases brought during the pastfive years compared to 77 cases in the preceeding 47 years.    Markey said he did not favor banning takeovers but thoughtthe tender offer process needed reform including earlierdisclosure of takeover attempts.    N.J. Rep. Mathew Rinaldo, the senior subcommitteeRepublican, said he was introducing legislation to create afive member commission to study the securities industry for ayear and report its findings and recommendations to Congress.Commission members would be appointed by the SEC.    "Its primary mission would be to analyze the extent ofillegal trading on insider trading and to assess the adequacyof existing surveillance systems and government oversightoperations. The commission would advise Congress as to whatadditional resources or civil or criminal remedies are neededto combat fraud and improve compliance with federal laws,"Rinaldo said. Reuter&#3;