Zimbabwe's temporary freeze on salaries,wages and prices will give the economy a breather, but radicaleconomic reforms are needed to resuscitate business and attractforeign investment, economists said.    They said the June 24 freeze on government, state companyand private sector wages until January 1988 has postponed,rather than provided, solutions to Zimbabwe's economicproblems.    They urged a review of the tax system, the introduction ofinvestment incentives, a review of foreign exchange and pricecontrols and a check on government expenditure.    These measures would aim to stimulate investment and createemployment for the 100,000 school leavers annually seekingjobs.    The freeze, which Finance Minister Bernard Chidzero saidwould check production costs and reduce the budget deficit, hasbeen partly welcomed by business but criticised by workerswhose real purchasing power has been severely eroded since1980.    The government announced the freeze amid a worseningeconomic crisis caused by serious drought, a budget deficit ofmore than one billion Zimbabwean dlrs and an acute balance ofpayments problem owing to debt service costs, now 357 mln U.S.Dlrs on an external debt of two billion U.S. Dlrs.    The crisis has forced the country to make companies halvedividend remittances to overseas shareholders.    The Zimbabwe National Chamber of Commerce supported thefreeze on wages and salaries but criticised the promisedstricter control of prices of goods and services.    "If those companies whose costs of production increase arenot allowed a price increase, profit margins will again beseverely squeezed, and this would negate current governmentefforts to revitalise the economy," the chamber said.    The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions said the freeze wouldworsen the plight of the lowest paid workers.    The union body has been campaigning for a minimum monthlywage of 277 Zimbabwean dlrs (165 U.S. Dlrs). The lowest paidnow earn about 100 dollars (60 U.S. Dlrs).    "Inflation is hitting hardest those in the low incomebracket which demands that any economic recovery programmeshould be biased in their favour," the union body said.    It added that the promised price freeze was "bolting thestable door when in fact the horse is gone" because prices ofmost basic commodities had already risen phenomenally.    Both unions and business hope that the freeze heralds areturn to wage bargaining between workers and employers, ratherthan government-regulated pay awards.    Zimbabwe has, since 1980, set annual minimum wages fordifferent sectors of the economy and awarded wage and salaryincrements on a sliding scale which gave higher increases tothe lowest paid. REUTER&#3;