Continental Illinois Corp's &lt;CIL>Chairman John Swearingen said he sees negotiations toreschedule Brazil's debt payments taking at least three to sixmonths.    Brazil declared last month a moratorium on payment ofinterest on its medium- and long-term debts. The moratorium isexpected to persist the entire time that debt scheduling talksare under way.    "I believe it will take three to six months, maybe longer,for an arrangement to be worked out to reschedule Brazil'sdebt," Swearingen told reporters at a press briefing.    "I think Brazil will pay its debts in the long run. Justhow long the run is is anybody's guess," Swearingen said.    Earlier the bank holding company said Brazil's moritoriummay force it to increase non-performing loans by 380 mln dlrsand reduce pretax and net income by 10 mln dlrs in the firstquarter and 35 mln dlrs for the full year.    The bank will decide March 31 whether to characterize theseloans as non-performing, William Ogden, chairman of theContinental Illinois National Bank and Trust Co of Chicago,Continental's largest subsidiary, said in response to aninquiry.    Ogden said the moratoriums will affect both pretax and netincome equally because the banking firm has tax credits to use.    Swearingen predicted an increase in operating profits for1987 because he sees higher income and reduced expenses.Continental will reduce expenses through job cuts and reducingoffice rental costs. In 1986 it cut about 850 positions.    In 1986 it had net profits of 165.2 mln dlrs or 60 cts ashare, up from 150.5 mln dlrs or 53 cts a share.    The bank transferred 459 mln dlrs of poor-quality loans andother assets to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, FDIC,during 1986. It can transfer bad loans under the terms of the1984 restructuring agreement with the government.    The bank will transfer the remaining 460 mln dlrs that itis entitled to transfer to FDIC by September 26, 1987,Swearingen said. It will choose loans based on ultimate lossrather than their immediate effect on non-performing loans.    In 1986 the bank's loans to the Midwest's middle marketrose 20 pct at a time of overall weak loan demand in the U.S.    Concerning banking acquisitions, Swearingen said the bankwould like to buy additional suburban Chicago banks. In 1986 itbought three small suburban banks.    Swearingen said he is concerned that Continental will betaken over because no bank in the Midwest region is largeenough to buy it, and New York money center banks areprohibited by law from buying Illinois banks.    He said, however, that the FDIC still has control over whowill eventually own the firm because it still holds theequivalent of 148 mln common shares out of a total 215 mln.    The FDIC sold 52 mln shares to the public last year and hassaid it intends to sell the rest as quickly as possible. Theagency received the shares as part of its 4.5 billion dlrs 1984bailout of the bank.    Swearingen, who came out of retirement in 1984 to head thestruggling banking firm after a career as an oil industryexecutive, said he will retire when the three-year period heagreed to be Continental chairman ends in August. He would notcomment on a successor.    The bank will expand its First Options of Chicago optionsclearning unit into Tokyo, Swearingen said, but said itsdoubtful lending to Japan will occur because that countrydoesn't need external sources of cash. Reuter&#3;