Pacific Stock Exchange ChairmanMaurice Mann said the exchange may have reached record volumeagain today, following yesterday's record 17.6 mln shares.    it looks like at least the same volume as yesterday, Mannsaid at a news conference following the close.    The exchange closed one-half hour early for the secondstraight day. Mann said the exchange will determine dailywhether or not to close early over the next several days.    Mann said the only major operational problem today occurredwhen the exchange had to stop trading 30 over-the-counteroptions, 17 of which trading were restored later in the day.    He said the options had to be halted because priceinformation on the underlying stocks was not being disseminatedon the floor quickly enough.    "You cannot trade an option, unless you know how much itsworth," he said.    Mann said the exchange's computer system was working betterthan had been expected under the pressure of the heavy tradingvolume.    "This system was not designed to do what it did today andyesterday," he said.    He said technical adjustments to the system since yesterdayimproved today's operations. He would not elaborate.    Mann said the decision to close the exchange early was notdue to concerns over the vulnerability of being open one halfhour after New York closed. Rather, he said, it was to allowtrades to be tallied in conformance with other exchanges.    In Los Angeles, traders said although trading was hectic,they were able to keep up with orders better than yesterday.    "We could handle the orders we got. Things seem to besmoothing out," said Richard Goforth, a partner with CrowellWeedon and Co who trades on the Los Angeles exchange floor.    Goforth, added, however, traders expected to be there intothe evening sorting out the paperwork on their trades.    Jefferies and Co Director of Trading James Melton said thefirm has been extremely busy making markets in halted stocksand in after hours trading. He said Jefferies has been tradingabout 15 hours a day, beginning at 0300 pdt.    Melton said Jefferies made markets in such blue chip stocksas International Business Machines &lt;IBM>, Allegis Corp &lt;AEG>and Merck and Co &lt;MRK> while they were halted on the exchanges.    Melton declined to give volumes of off-market trading thecompany has been doing, but said, "its just very, very busy...when the stocks are halted our markets are very active." Hesaid he expects the heavy volume to continue through the week.    While sellers still predominated, Melton added, "peoplewere bottom fishing a little bit in the blue chips...but itsvery nervous." Reuter&#3;