European currency markets reacted quietlyto the G-7 communique, with comments from bankers and dealersranging from disappointment that it was not more concrete tosurprise that the markets should have expected so much.    The dollar opened lower against virtually all currenciesand traded in a narrow range after the communique, whichreaffirmed support for the Paris accord on currencystabilisation but contained no moves to strengthen it.    Dealers in Frankfurt and Zurich saw the dollar remainingbroadly entrenched in its current trading range.    "The dollar is likely to stay within a range of 1.80 to 1.84marks," said Gisela Steinhaeuser, senior dealer at Chase BankAG. She said there was some resistance to further climbs.    However, she said the dollar could break out of the rangewith major surprises such as a worse-than-expected U.S.Merchandise trade deficit, due next Tuesday.    Theodor Stadelmann, dealer with Bank Julius Baer and Co Ltdin Zurich, said he expects the dollar to hold steady againstthe mark and Swiss franc but to weaken further against the yen,possibly to 140 yen.    A Milan banker shared Stadelmann's view, saying he expectsa dollar-yen range of 140-150 in the short term.    London traders said the G-7 communique failed to curbunderlying bearishness toward the dollar but this negativesentiment was not yet strong enough to tempt interbankoperators to test the downside.    Concern that finance ministers and officials still inWashington could issue more concrete statements in favour ofcurrency stabilisation kept players sidelined, along withworries about provoking fresh central bank intervention in thenear term, the traders said.    Most Paris dealers expressed disappointment at thecommunique, saying nothing has changed to reverse the dollar'sdownward trend.    Traders in several centres said the market would look forfresh opportunities to test the willingness of central banks todefend current ranges, which the communique said were "broadlyconsistent with economic fundamentals and the basic policyintentions outlined at the Louvre meeting."    Dave Jouhin, senior dealer at Midland Bank in London, said"They're going to put somebody's resolve to the test soon." TheU.S. February trade data may provide the trigger, dealers said.    However, some dealers said London-based operators would beunlikely to open major positions next week ahead of the longEaster weekend. They saw near-term technical support at 1.825marks and 145 yen and resistance about 1.83 marks and 146 yen.    Chase Bank's Steinhaeuser and other Frankfurt dealers saidthe G-7 communique guaranteed a relatively calm and stablemarket for the foreseeable future compared with the extremevolatility seen in the first few months of this year.    One dealer at a German bank said the wording of thecommunique made clear the leading nations did not want afurther dollar drop, and this was supporting the dollar.    The German dealer saw the dollar gradually appreciating to1.87 marks, broadly seen as its upper limit within the Louvreaccord's supposed currency target range.    A Swiss bank economist said he believed the markets wereready for a period of "mainly sideways movement."    But Milan dealers were sceptical about the communiquecontributing to greater stability.    "Nothing has changed substantially to give the dollar a bigboost," said one dealer, while another Italian banker said heexpects the dollar to trade between 1.77 and 1.87 German marksin the next three months.    A Swiss monetary source, who asked not to be named, saidthe communique had been in line with realistic expectations andshould not have produced disappointment.    "The problem is that the changes needed in fiscal and tradepolicies to redress current imbalances are of a differenttimescale than currency markets operate on," the source toldReuters, "This is a political process which takes time."    Alois Schwietert, chief economist at Swiss Bank Corp inBasle, also questioned the tone of disappointment evident oncurrency markets today. "Did people really expect a patentremedy?" he asked.    Bank economists in Paris noted yesterday's meeting was onlythe first in a series and said the market would watch carefullyin the next few weeks for any changes in positions.    A senior economist with Banque Indosuez said the focus wasnow on trade and growth rather than interest rates. Any move byJapan and West Germany to boost their economic growth couldlead to a quick change in the U.S. Position.    Dealers in all centres agreed that markets would be wary inpushing the dollar too far too quickly in the coming monthswhile central banks appear resolved to use their muscle tosupport the Paris accord. REUTER&#3;