Economists' forecasts vary widely forthe February monthly U.S. budget deficit to be released today.However most agree on one point -- that the budget deficit forthe 1987 fiscal year will narrow substantially from 1986levels.    The report is likely to mean very little to the moribundcredit markets, however, which have been stilled by a stabledollar and perceptions of steady Federal Reserve policy.    Economists said that a leaner federal budget could help thecredit markets if it lowers the Treasury's financing needs andresults in lower interest rates, but investors may not responduntil they see evidence that this is taking place.    Economists' forecasts for the February deficit range from20 billion dlrs to nearly 30 billion dlrs, with most forecastsclustered in the 26-28 billion dlrs range. This compares with adeficit of 24.6 billion dlrs in February 1986.    In January, the budget deficit was 2.1 billion dlrs,leaving the fiscal year-to-date deficit at 65.6 billion dlrs.    Most economists expect the 1987 fiscal deficit to fall to180-190 billion dlrs from 220.7 billion dlrs in fiscal 1986.    Kathleen Stephansen of Donaldson, Lufkin and JenretteSecurities Corp, expects a 26.3 billion dlr February budgetdeficit, and a 186.5 billion dlr fiscal 1987 deficit.    Stephansen expects widening in the February deficitrelative to last year based on two developments.    First, total revenues showed a slowdown in their yearlygrowth rate relative to prior months' growth rates, she said,as corporate and individual tax payments net of tax refundpayments appear to have been weak in February.    "The second factor... is relatively strong outlayperformance," Stephansen wrote in a weekly report. "Dataavailable to date suggest that their year-over-year growth isclose to 4.3 pct, well above the 0.5 pct average that prevailedin the last four months of the fiscal year."    Joe Liro of S.G. Warburg Securities and Co expects theFebruary budget deficit to total 26-28 billion dlrs and thefiscal 1987 deficit to be 190 billion dlrs.    He said that as a result of the change in the 1987 tax codeand the new structure for determining withholding of personalincome tax payments, the Treasury is receiving less taxreceipts than it received at this time last year.    "The Administration compounded a tricky situation by sayinghow difficult it is to fill out the new W-4 tax forms he said."The wage earner was underwithholding at the beginning of theyear and continues to be underwithheld."    By contrast, Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch GovernmentSecurities Inc said that many taxpayers have probably delayedfilling out the new tax withholding forms, so that this has notbeen a drag on tax receipts as others have argued.    "The first half of the year brought strong tax receiptsfrom capital gains and the repeal of the investment tax credit,which is expected to contribute a substantial portion of thecorporate taxes to be paid this week," he said in the firm'sweekly credit market memo.    He forecast a February budget deficit of 20 billion dlrs,and a fiscal 1987 deficit of 180 billion dlrs.    In March, McCarthy expects to see a deficit of 23 to 24billion dlrs compared with 30 billion dlrs in March 1986.    But economists agreed that the federal budget deficit isfar from occupying center stage in the credit market's focusand is unlikely to have an impact now regardless of its size.    Yesterday, the key 7-1/2 pct Treasury bonds of 2016 closedunchanged at 99-28/32 to yield 7.51 pct after trading in anarrow range throughout the session.    Fed funds traded from six pct to 6-1/8 pct yesterday, upslightly from Wednesday's 5.97 pct average, and are expected toopen within that range today.   Reuter&#3;