Laidlaw Transportation Ltd saidearnings per share for the current fiscal year should increaseby "substantially more" than the 30 pct average annual growthexperienced in the last four years.    Revenues for the year ended August 31 will be about 1.2billion dlrs, including GSX Corp, the U.S. waste services unitacquired from Imasco Ltd last year for 358 mln dlrs, Laidlawpresident Michael de Groote told analysts.    Last year, Laidlaw had operating earnings of 66.2 mln dlrs,or 63 cts per share, on revenues of 717.8 mln dlrs.    De Groote also said the company expects "excellent results"in the second quarter ended February 28, but would not be morespecific.    He said his revenue estimate for fiscal 1987 does notinclude possible further acquisitions and said that theaddition of GSX will produce increasing benefits in fiscal 1988through fiscal 1990.    De Groote said the increased earnings in the previous fourquarters was due partly to internal growth of about 15 pct. Therest came from acquisitions, he said.    Laidlaw expects to sell a small rubber recycling operation,a subsidiary of GSX, within the next few weeks, but this willnot make any material contribution to earnings, de Groote said.    He also said he is "not very optimistic" about the ongoingnegotiations to buy 50 pct of Tricil Ltd, a Toronto-basedchemical and solid waste services company with Canadian andU.S. operations, from &lt;Trimac Ltd> of Calgary.    De Groote said that, regardless of the outcome of theproposed Tricil acquisition, Laidlaw will decide within thenext 30 days whether to stay in the North American chemicalwaste business through GSX Corp.    "We feel it is a profitable business with good growthpotential and we now want to stay in it if we can get the rightmanagement," de Groote said.    Laidlaw financed the acquisition of GSX by its U.S.subsidiary, Laidlaw Transportation Inc, with the proceeds of a200 mln Canadian dlr preferred stock issue and borrowing.    De Groote said the company will gain about 138 mln dlrs incash by August 31 from the exercise of warrants.    De Groote also said waste services in fiscal 1987 willrepresent about 49 pct of revenues, school buses willcontribute 49 pct and trucking about two pct.    The trucking subsidiary in western Canada is performingwell and there are no plans to sell it, he said.    He would not estimate the contribution of each segment toearnings per share for the year. He also said that furtheracquisitions of school bus operations in the U.S. are likelywithin the next few months. Reuter&#3;