The French government is tosell to the public its 47.42 pct direct holding in SocieteGenerale &lt;STGN.PA>'s regional bank subsidiary &lt;Societe GeneraleAlsacienne de Banque>, SOGENAL, from next Monday, SOGENALofficials said.    SOGENAL, founded in 1881 and nationalised in 1982, is theleading French regional bank and has branches in Austria,Belgium, Luxembourg, East and West Germany and Switzerland.    Chairman Rene Geronimus told a news conference the shareoffer price, expected to be announced tomorrow by FinanceMinister Edouard Balladur, would be between 110 and 130 francs.    Societe Generale, which will itself be privatised laterthis year, will retain its 52.58 pct majority holding in thebank, Chairman Marc Vienot said.    SOGENAL officials said they forecast 1987 consolidatedgroup profit of around 170 mln francs after an estimated 160mln this year and 159 mln in 1985.    SOGENAL's privatisation will be preceded by a capitalincrease to 320 mln francs from 263 mln, earning about 250 mlnfrancs in new funds. Its shares will be divided by eight,giving a capital of 12.8 mln shares of 25 francs nominal.    The bank will be listed on the Nancy stock exchange, inline with the Finance Ministry and government's aim of aregional operation, Geronimus said.    He said he was hoping for shareholders to total around30,000 to 35,000 against the 12,500 before nationalisation. Tenpct of the capital to be floated will be reserved for employeeswith the rest offered to the public. There will not be a sharereserved for foreign investors. "This is too small an operationand anyway they will be able to buy shares in France," he said.    Stockbroker sources said that a likely share offer price of120 francs would value SOGENAL at 1.5 billion francs.    Geronimus said the bank's future aim would be to reinforceits existing strong points, with no major projects plannedapart from the opening soon of a Basle branch.    SOGENAL is the only French bank in Austria, it set up thefirst foreign exchange dealing room outside Paris at itsStrasbourg headquarters in 1985, and is the only foreignbanking subsidiary to be a broker on the Zurich Bourse.    The government's banking adviser for the operation was&lt;Banque Privee de Gestion Financiere>, BPGF, owned by Frenchfinancier Pierre Moussa's &lt;Pallas> group, assisted by Britain's&lt;Hambros Bank Ltd>. REUTER&#3;