A government-appointed specialprosecutor has ordered the filing of corruption charges overthe closure of a private bank against Philippine central bankgovernor Jose Fernandez, who said he would contest the charges.    Ombudsman Raul Gonzalez told Reuters there was evidence toindicate that Fernandez had misused his office in ordering theclosure of &lt;Pacific Banking Corp> in July, 1985.    He said the charges against Fernandez would be filed "withinthe week" in a special court for corruption cases, adding that adefendant could appeal against a ruling in the Supreme Court.    Fernandez is in New York for talks with the Philippines'creditor banks on rescheduling about 9.4 billion dlrs of thecountry's foreign debt.    A central bank statement quoted Fernandez as saying PacificBank's closure and sale were in accordance with law.    "Fernandez said that some points may have been missed in theappreciation of the case for which reason he will be filing amotion for reconsideration of the (Ombudsman's) resolution," thestatement said.    Central bank sources said the statement was drafted afterFernandez and senior deputy governor Gabriel Singson, who is inManila, conferred on the telephone.    Gonzalez said his office ordered the charges filed afterhearing submissions by Fernandez and plaintiff Paula Paug, thepresident of Pacific Bank's Employees Union.    In her complaint, Paug said Fernandez had acted arbitrarilyin ordering the closure of Pacific Bank and placing it underreceivership without giving the bank the right to appeal,throwing hundreds of employees out of work.    Paug also said Fernandez had not withdrawn his stockholdingin Far East Bank and Trust Company, which took over PacificBank's assets, when he became central bank governor in January,1984. Fernandez founded Far East in 1960.    She alleged Fernandez had misused his position byappointing two Far East bank executives to central bankconsultancies, giving them access to Pacific Bank records. Shealso disputed Fernandez' interpretation of Pacific's accountsfrom January 1980 to May 1985, claiming the bank had made aprofit, not a loss.    The central bank statement quoted Fernandez as stressingthat Pacific Bank was "repeatedly given notice of the continuinglosses of the bank and the immediate need of putting upadditional capital to eliminate insolvency."    It said the central bank tried to assist in a bid by Bankof Hawaii and Philippine sugar trader Antonio Chan to purchasePacific Bank, but the negotiations collapsed "because of certainlegal impediments."    The statement said the central bank invited several banksto submit offers for Pacific, and the sale to Far East wasapproved by the Monetary Board and not by Fernandez alone.    Fernandez was also quoted in the statement as saying he haddivested himself of all interests in Far East Bank when hebecame central bank governor. A Far East Bank spokesmandeclined comment on the charges against Fernandez.    In a footnote to a 12-page resolution recommendingprosecution against Fernandez, Gonzalez said prima facieevidence of misuse of power also existed against all the thenmembers of the country's Monetary Board, as well as the FarEast executives, and ordered their investigation.    He said Fernandez's action fitted in with the politicalclimate during former President Ferdinand Marcos's final years.    "(The) prevailing mood of the day for those in high officeswas either to imitate the penchant of then President Marcos andhis wife, to run roughshod over the human rights of citizens... Or to follow blindly or with canine devotion anyinstructions from above," Gonzalez wrote.    Gonzalez, named to his post 11 months ago, said his officehad received more than 4,000 complaints of misuse of power. Hesaid among those facing prosecution were five provincialgovernors appointed by President Corazon Aquino. REUTER&#3;