British Petroleum Co PLC may have toraise its planned 70 dlrs a share tender offer for the publiclytraded shares of Standard Oil Co &lt;SRD>, analysts said.    "There's a lot of speculation here that someway or otherthey would be forced to come up with another bid," said RosarioIlaqua of L.F. Rothschild.    And despite BP managing director David Simon's denial todaythat BP would raise the offer, the analysts said that remaineda distinct possibility.    Analysts said they base their thinking on Royal Dutch/ShellGroup's &lt;RD> &lt;SC> bid to buy the outstanding stake of Shell OilCo in 1984 and 1985. Royal Dutch/Shell eventually raised itsinitial 55 dlrs a share offer to 60 dlrs a share, afterlawsuits by minority shareholders.    "I think they're going to have to go a little highereventually, just as Royal Dutch/Shell had to go a little higherfor the Shell Oil minority shares," Bruce Lazier of PrescottBall and Turben said. He estimated a price of 75 dlrs a share.    Royal Dutch/Shell offered 55 dlrs a share for the 30.5 pctof Shell Oil it did not already own in January of 1984. Afterobjections from minority shareholders about the price, RoyalDutch/Shell raised its bid and began a 58 dlrs a share tenderoffer in April 1984.    But shareholders sued and a court blocked completion of theoffer. After months of wrangling over the worth of Shell Oil,Royal Dutch/Shell agreed to another two dlrs increase.    It ended up paying 5.67 billion dlrs for the outstandingShell Oil stake, a significant premium to its original bid ofabout 5.2 billion dlrs.    The analysts made their comments before Simon's remarks ata BP press conference in New York this afternoon.    Sanford Margoshes of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc toldclients this morning that a sweetened offer was possible. Theanalyst said the bid could be raised by two dlrs a share.    Analysts do not expect regulatory hurdles because of theRoyal Dutch/Shell group precedent. But there may be shareholderlawsuits for the same reason, they said.    Goldman Sachs and Co, BP's investment advisor, advised theShell Oil board in 1984 and 1985. Reuter&#3;