President Jose Sarney, whose handlingof the economy is under attack at home and abroad, has heldprivate talks with Brazilian business leaders worried thatgovernment policies are leading to recession.    Over an informal barbecue at a farm outside Sao Paulo ownedby millionaire entrepreneur Matias Machline, Sarney met morethan 20 businessmen for discussion on Brazil's economic crisis.    Business leaders said before the meeting they would bepressing for less government interference in what they describeas a tightly regulated economy.    Their concerns include the country's high rates of interestand tough restrictions on imports.    Machline, president of the Sharp electronics group and apersonal friend of Sarney's, told television reporters outsidehis farm that he wanted "less government participation in theeconomy."    When the government announced a month ago that it wassuspending interest payments on Brazil's 68 billion dlr debt tocommercial banks, it said this was a means of ensuring growthand avoiding recession.    But business leaders and economic analysts say there aregrowing signs that Brazil's economy, the eighth biggest in thenon-communist world, is heading for a downturn after 8 pctgrowth last year.    Businessmen are deeply concerned about the effect onindustry of import restrictions introduced earlier this yearbecause of the country's deteriorating trade balance.    Cacex, the foreign trade department of the federally ownedBanco do Brasil, has told companies they must limit theirimports to 90 pct of what they imported in 1985.    Business sources say that in practice importing even thisamount is difficult and they have to haggle with Cacex on acase-by-case basis.    The business daily Gazeta Mercantil reported that in manysectors of the economy there was a real fear that productionlines would grind to a halt next month.    One of those attending the talks was Mario Amato, head ofthe powerful Sao Paulo State Industries' Federation (FIESP).    Business sources said he would argue that unless there werea relaxation in import controls a sharp downturn in industrialactivity was inevitable.    Relations between Sarney and the business community have attimes been strained and the existence of these tensions pointedup the importance of the meeting.    In one bizarre dispute in January, Sarney surprisedBrazilian business leaders by declaring that they were alliesof the 19th century anarchist Mikhail Bakunin. This outburstcame after Amato warned that companies might start disobeyinggovernment regulations on price controls.    Brazilian press reports made much of the fact that FinanceMinister Dilson Funaro, chief architect of the government'seconomic policy, had not been invited to the gathering. REUTER&#3;