Texaco Inc.'s plunge into bankruptcy toshield it from posting a bond in its 10.53 billion dlr legalbattle with Pennzoil Co. &lt;PZL> is a strategy that will give itbreathing room until the fight over the 1984 acquisition ofGetty Oil Co. winds its way up to the U.S. Supreme Court,analysts said.    Texaco, the nation's third-largest oil company, filed forprotection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. bankruptcy code earliertoday, saying it had no choice because of Pennzoil's refusal tonegotiate a reasonable settlement.    But unlike most Chapter 11 cases, the Texaco proceedingshould not result in a major reorganization of the company oraffect its daily business operations, several experts said.    "This is another piece of financial history," SanfordMargoshes, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers, said ofthe bankruptcy filing. "What Texaco is doing is buying time tofight its battle in the courts. They have high hopes they willbe upheld if the case goes all the way to the U.S. SupremeCourt."    Margoshes said he did not anticipate any significantchanges in Texaco's oil exploration and production businessbecause the bankruptcy filing affects only about four pct ofthe giant oil company's 32.6 billion dlrs in annual revenues.    Texaco executives said the bankruptcy filing wouldeffectively halt payments of stock dividends and repayment ofits 6.8 billion dlr debt, but added that the company's assetsfar exceeded its liabilities.    "Texaco's cash flow is at a very respectable rate of about15 dlrs per share annually," Margoshes said. "Obviously, thepoint of Chapter 11 was not so much seeking protection fromcreditors as it was seeking protection from the predatorPennzoil."    The two companies have been locked in an acrimoniousstruggle since a Texas state court jury in November 1985ordered Texaco to pay Pennzoil 10.53 billion dlrs forimproperly interfering with Pennzoil's planned acquisition ofGetty Oil Co. In a major setback for Texaco last week, the U.S.Supreme Court said Texaco must abide by Texas state law thatrequires posting a bond for the full amount of the judgmentwhile the merits of the case were appealed.    Although a Texas appeals court hearing was scheduled Monday(April 13) on Texaco's motion to reduce the amount of the bondrequired under state law, Texaco elected not to risk losing theimportant court ruling that could have required it to post morethan 10 billion dlrs in collateral.    The bankruptcy filing, analysts said, effectively freezesall of Texaco's obligations while it continues to appeal themerits of the Pennzoil lawsuit.    "This is a drastic measure," said Rosario Ilacqua, ananalyst with L.F. Rothschild in New York. "But it's also anindictment of the legal system in this country in that Texacowas forced to seek bankruptcy when it couldn't get a fairhearing."    Ilacqua predicted that the Texas jury judgment wouldultimately be overturned or whittled down from its original10.53 billion dlrs, an amount that is increasing by about 2.5mln dlrs in interest accumulated daily. Texaco has contestedthe ruling, insisting that Pennzoil did not have a validcontract under New York state law to acquire Getty Oil.    Suggestions by some experts that the Texaco bankruptcymight be an incentive for Pennzoil to lower its settlementdemands, which are widely believed to be between 3 billion and5 billion dlrs, were discounted by indignant Pennzoilexecutives.    "I think it makes it much more difficult to settle," saidBaine Kerr, Pennzoil's retired president who has acted as thecompany's chief negotiator in the Texaco litigation. "I thinkthat's one of the main reasons they did it."    Joseph Jamail, a Houston lawyer for Pennzoil, said thecompany had made its latest settlement offer to Texaco onSaturday and was taken by surprise when Texaco filed forbankruptcy. He declined to reveal the amount of the proposal,citing a confidentiality agreement between the two companies.    "Texaco told us they would get back to us but instead theychose to go to bankruptcy court," Jamail said. "This was anirresponsible and unneeded move."    Ilacqua also said the bankruptcy filing appeared toeliminate any chance of settlement in the near-term.    "There have been some crazy numbers floating around insettlement discussions," Ilacqua said. "I think 1 billion dlrsettlement would be more than adequate for Pennzoil. I don'tknow if that Texas jury really understood what money is. Theygave Pennzoil an astronomical judgment."    Analysts said they expected Texaco stock, which closedFriday at 31 and 7/8, to slip to about 25 when the New YorkStock Exchange opened Monday morning.    Lawyers for Pennzoil said they believed the company wouldprevail in court appeals, adding that Texaco's assets wereample enough to ultimately pay the Pennzoil judgment in full. Reuter&#3;