Investors on Philippine stock marketshave shrugged off growing communist activity in the cities topush share prices to all-time highs on record turnover, brokerssaid.    Regularly heavy trading of more than one billion shares aday has sent the Manila exchange's composite index soaring to775.9 from 577.2 points in just over three weeks.    Brokers described recent trading as "frantic" and "hectic" astrading records were smashed day after day.    A total 2.6 billion shares worth 259.4 million pesoschanged hands on the main Manila and the less important Makatiexchanges yesterday, with much of the activity among centavopriced stocks, brokers said. The turnover was more than doublethe record of 1.1 billion shares worth 118.1 million pesos seton Wednesday.    Brokers said rising gold prices caused mining shares toshoot up three weeks ago, and other sectors followed. Shareprices continued their rise even when the gold price fell backto 450 dlrs an ounce, due to rising confidence in PresidentCorazon Aquino's handling of the economy, they said.    Brokers said Aquino's handling of the 18-year-old communistinsurgency and the maintenance of relatively low interest ratesalso contributed to the rise.    Blue chip stocks, such as those of San Miguel Corp andPhilippine Long Distance Telephone Co (PLDT), have risen 25 pctin three weeks, and the trend is upward in the medium termalthough a temporary correction is overdue, they said.    Since the surge began on May 26, Manila's Mining index hasrisen to 5,700.4 points from 4,042.4, its commercial andindustrial index has shot up to 881.0 from 694.9 points, andthe oils indicator has increased to 4.1 from 2.9 points.    Market activity has been rising in spurts since FerdinandMarcos was replaced by Aquino 16 months ago.    One broker said he thought the Philippine stock market "mayat last have come of age."    Wilson Sy, president of Prudential Securities, a localstockbroking firm with Hong Kong affiliations, told Reuters,"Barring any unforeseen political events you can bet on thePhilippine market. It has shrugged off the communist inroadsinto Manila."    Assassins have killed 52 policemen, soldiers and securityguards in the capital this year.    Communist hitmen known as sparrows have claimed they killed22 of them.    Sy said Philippine stocks were undervalued in world termswith price-earnings ratios often half those in Hong Kong andone-sixth those in Japan. He said PLDT, which is also U.S.Listed, has a price-earnings ratio of about nine.    Sy predicted Manila's composite index would rise beyond1,000 points from its current 775.9 mark by year-end.    Other brokers were more cautious, saying Aquino had toimprove peace and order before investors could treat thePhilippines as they would Hong Kong or Tokyo.    One broker said he believed about 30 pct of the money goinginto stocks was now foreign, much of it from fund managers andtheir agents based in Hong Kong and New York.    Manila Stock Exchange chairman Robert Coyuito told Reuters,"If the peace and order situation really improved the marketcould move beyond a price-earnings ratio of 20 times."    "But all depends on how Congress performs and the localelections go," he said.    A new two-chamber legislature was elected last month and isdue to sit on July 27. Local elections are scheduled forNovember.    PLDT shares closed at 630 pesos a share yesterday, 30 pesosabove Wednesday's record close. PLDT share prices have risenabout nine-fold in 18 months.    San Miguel shares closed at 190 pesos, also a historichigh, brokers said. REUTER&#3;