Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc said ithas sold a new type of certificate of deposit designed toprovide top-rated Japanese banks with broader access to theU.S. money markets.    The investment banker said its variable money marketcertificates of deposit are structured as traditional floatingrate CDs, with the rate based on the AA commercial papercomposite rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.    Shearson said it offered the novel CDs yesterday to mostlyinstitutional investors. The series totaled 500 mln dlrs andwas oversubscribed with nearly two billion dlrs in bids.    The first banks to issue the variable money market CDs wereSanwa Bank Ltd, Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co Ltd, Dai-IchiKangyo Bank Ltd, Fuji Bank Ltd and Sumitomo Bank Ltd, each withtranches of 100 mln dlrs, Shearson detailed.    The investment banking firm said another series of variablemoney market CDs is planned for April.    "The variable money market CDs provide a low costdependable source of funds for issuing Japanese banks," saidRobert Shapiro, executive vice president with Shearson LehmanCommercial Paper Inc. "The instrument enables banks todiversify their funding base in a significant way."    In yesterday's series, the issuing banks' coupon rates wereset at the commercial bank composite rate plus a spread whichis expected to equal an all-in-cost of LIBOR minus 10 basispoints, Shearson said.    The rate will be reset monthly or quarterly and will besubject to a maximum of LIBOR and a minimum of the New YorkFed's commercial paper composite rate.    Shearson stressed, however, that the spread over thecommercial paper index to be paid by an issuing bank will bedetermined by investor demand. It added that other Japanesebanks may participate in future issues.    "For the first time, they (the banks) will gain access notonly to traditional CD investors but also to commercial paperinvestors at rates which are competitive with traditionalfloating rate CDs," said Michael Balaban, a vice president withShearson's commercial paper unit.    He added, "For U.S. investors, the CDs are attractivebecause they are domestically issued paper with competitiverates offered by AAA-rated Japanese banks."    Balaban noted that several fiduciary investors and moneymarket funds which had never previously purchased Japanese bankpaper submitted bids during yesterday's sale. Reuter&#3;