OPEC's weekend decision to cut plannedoil output levels for second half 1987 has renewed marketconfidence in the oil price outlook for the rest of the yearand boosted international spot prices, oil traders said.    Spot crude prices are now standing 80-85 cents a barrelhigher than at the start of the OPEC meeting last Thursday andcould continue their rise in the next few weeks, they said.    The new optimism springs from the agreement reached by OPECministers in Vienna on Saturday to fix a July-December outputceiling of 16.6 mln barrels per day (bpd).    At its previous meeting in December, OPEC set a provisional16.6 mln bpd output limit for the third quarter but proposed asharp rise to 18.3 mln in the fourth. The ceilings were to backup its newly restored fixed prices of around 18 dlrs a barrel.    When signs first emerged last Friday that OPEC wascontemplating cutting the planned fourth quarter ceiling, spotprices of the most widely traded crude oil, Britain's BrentBlend, surged 30-40 cents a barrel.    Traders said the trend continued in a cautious rally thismorning in London, taking quoted levels up to around 19.25/35dlrs, compared with 18.45/50 dlrs in the middle of last week.    Most traders on international oil markets reacted bullishlyto news of the final agreement. They forecast tight supplieslater in the year, when demand for oil increases with the onsetof the Northern Hemisphere winter, and further rises in spotprices.    "There will be a scramble for oil in the third and fourthquarters of this year" one trader said. "In the past three monthswe have already seen a rise in demand, particularly from theU.S., And I expect to see even higher prices" he added.    Mehdi Varzi, analyst with stockbroker Kleinwort Grievesonin London, agreed.    Varzi told Reuters that OPEC was if anything too cautiousin setting the new output ceilings. "There is now a great chancethat Brent crude oil will hit 20 dlrs a barrel in the nextmonth," he said.    Laurie Law, analyst at E.F. Hutton and Co Inc in New York,said over the weekend that she saw the spot price of West TexasIntermediate (WTI) rallying to around 22 dlrs by the end of theyear from just over 20 dlrs now.    WTI, the U.S. Benchmark crude, usually fetches a premium of80 cents to one dlr over Brent. So far this year, spot Brenthas held mostly between 18 and 19 dlrs a barrel.    But some traders, fearing continued over-production by someOPEC members, sounded a note of caution over the new accord.    Iraq has again refused to be a party to the agreementbecause other OPEC ministers turned down its repeated demandfor the same production quota as its Gulf War enemy Iraq.    In recent months Iraq has been producing 500,000 bpd aboveits assigned quota, and it could begin pumping a further500,000 bpd when a new export pipeline comes on stream inSeptember.    According to Kuwaiti oil minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifaal-Sabah, actual OPEC production in the fourth quarter could bewell above the official ceiling at nearly 18 mln bpd. REUTER&#3;