President Reagan, fighting to regainpublic confidence in the wake of the Iran arms scandal,admitted tonight that the clandestine operation wound up as anarms-for-hostages deal and, "It was a mistake."    "When it came to managing the NSC (National SecurityCouncil) staff, let's face it, my style didn't match itsprevious track record," Reagan said in a television address tothe American people.    "I have already begun correcting this," he added in hisprepared remarks.    Reagan's speech, widely regarded as critical to his hopesof repairing his presidency, was his first detailed response tolast week's scorching Tower commission report on the secretsale of arms to Iran and diversion of profits to U.S.-backedcontra rebels in Nicaragua.    Reagan said he had been silent on the scandal while hewaited for the truth to come out and admitted, "I've paid aprice for my silence in terms of your trust and confidence."    He said that a few months ago, he told the American peoplehe did not trade arms for hostages in the 18-month covertoperation.    "My heart and my best intentions still tell me that is true,but the facts and the evidence tell me it is not," Reagan said.    "There are reasons why it happened, but no excuses. It was amistake," he said.    Reagan again said that the original Iran initiative was todevelop relations with those who might assume leadership in apost-Khomeini government.    "It's clear from the Board's report however that I let mypersonal concern for the hostages spill over into thegeo-political strategy of reaching out to Iran.    "I asked so many questions about the hostages' welfare thatI didn't ask enough about the specifics of the total Iran plan,"he said.    The commission, headed by former Republican Sen. JohnTower, said Reagan's "intense compassion" for Americans beingheld by pro-Iranian groups in Lebanon had resulted in anunprofessional and unsatisfactory policy.    It portrayed 76-year old Reagan as a man who did not knowor care much about the wide-ranging, probably illegalactivities of his National Security Council (NSC) staff, whichhatched the operation.    Reagan said he endorsed all of the Tower commission'srecommendations about the running of the NSC, adding, "In fact,I'm going beyond its recommendations, so as to put the house ineven better order."    He noted that he had appointed former Senate Republicanleader Howard Baker as his new chief of staff and said he hopedBaker would help him forge a new partnership with Congress,"especially on foreign and national security policies."    He said his new national security adviser, Frank Carlucci,was rebuilding the national security staff "with propermanagement discipline."    Reagan said that almost half the NSC professional staff nowconsisted of new people.    He said that FBI Director William Webster, his new nomineeto head the CIA, "understands the meaning of 'rule of law'".    Reagan also announced that Tower had agreed to serve as amember of his Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board, which actsas a watchdog on the nation's covert activities.    But he said that he had issued a directive barring the NSCstaff itself from undertaking covert operations -- "No ifs,ands, or buts."    Tonight's speech was a far cry from Reagan's initial strongdefense of his Iran policy.    In a televised speech last November 13, Reagan calledcharges that he ransomed hostages and undercut the U.S. war onterrorism "utterly false."    As recently as two months ago in his State of the Unionspeech, Reagan said that "serious mistakes were made" butdefended the basic policy as one that had worthy goals.    By contrast, tonight's speech had an apologetic tone thatwas a marked departure from Reagan's usual upbeat, confidentdemeanor.    He said he took full responsibility for his own actions "andfor those of my administration."    "As angry as I may be about activities undertaken without myknowledge, I am still accountable for those activities. Asdisappointed as I may be in some who served me, I am still theone who must answer to the American people for this behavior,"Reagan said.    Reagan said the message that the nation should move on hadcome from Republicans and Democrats in Congress, from alliesaround the world -- "and if we're reading the signals right,even from the Soviets."    His remark seemed to be a reference to a new Sovietwillingness to reach an agreement on eliminating medium-rangenuclear missiles in Europe. Reuter&#3;