The U.S. Treasury market ended sharplyhigher, reassured by news that the Federal Open MarketCommittee voted in February to maintain the then-existingdegree of restraint on bank reserves, dealers said.    News of a weaker-than-expected March employment report anda minor bounce back in the dollar prompted short-covering thatpushed coupon issues higher, while an easing in the Federalfunds rate below six pct helped short-dated issues.    The key 7-1/2 pct 30-year Treasury bond price finished 3/4higher at 95-27/32, pushing the yield down to 7.86 pct from7.93 pct yesterday.    Danuta Zielonka of Wertheim Schroder Co Inc said thatrecent slowing in the growth of the monetary aggregates is aanother factor arguing against firmer Fed policy.    "Money growth has been slowing perceptibly in March whichshould give them more room to not tighten," she said. "Both M2and M3 are will be at the low end of their target ranges inMarch."    "The FOMC minutes are neutral for the bond market,"Zielonka said. "Dollar considerations will prevent them fromeasing anytime soon, but they can't tighten with the economyweak and the banks having to deal with Brazil."    Doubts on the economy's strength were underscored not onlyby a smaller-than-expected 164,000 gain in March non-farmpayrolls, but also by a downward revision in February's gain to236,000 from a previously reported 337,000.    The market's initial reaction to the data was restrained byfears the employment news would undermine the dollar, but whenthe dollar maintained a firm tone, the bond market extended itsgains.    Profit-taking pulled bond prices down from the day's highs,but a record close in the U.S. stock market stimulated buyinglate in the day that offset this somewhat.    Still, coupon issues were unable to recover completely fromthis week's steep losses as trade tensions between the U.S. andJapan pressured the dollar and discouraged Japanese investorsfrom buying U.S. Treasury bonds.    The current 7-1/2 pct Treasury bond traded down to 94-11/32in Tokyo this week, pushing the yield to 7.98 pct. This cappedthe U.S. 1987 high yield on the 30-year bond of 7.93 pct, seenyesterday.    Treasury bills advanced on the week. The six-month billsrose one basis point, but three-month bills fell 17 basispoints and the year bill fell two basis points.    Dealers said that the sharp drop in three-month billsresulted in part from recent outright bill purchases for acustomer, believed to be related to heavy intervention byforeign central banks to support the dollar.    A drop in the Fed funds rate to 5-15/16 today underpinned adecline in bill rates. It traded at this level throughout thesession, down from yesterday's 6.14 pct average.    Three-month bills closed two basis points lower at 5.48 pctbid. Six- and 12-month bills both dropped nine basis points torespective bids of 5.70 pct and 5.75 pct. Reuter&#3;