Stock index-related arbitragetrading did not spark the dramatic drop in the U.S. stockmarket last September, nor is a free-fall in stocks and futuresprices due to arbitrage trading a likelihood, a top officialwith the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, said.    Richard Ketchum, director of SEC's division of marketregulation, told the Futures Industry Association that acommission study of the circumstances surrounding the plunge inthe Dow Jones Industrial Average last September 11-12 showsstock index-related arbitrage trading those days wassubstantial but did not set off the price fluctuations.    "While index-related arbitrage trading was a verysubstantial part of the trading that day, it was by no meansthe predominant part," Ketchum said.    He said the study would be released next week.    Index-related arbitrage relates to efforts, primarily byinstitutional investors, to profit from price differentials byshifting funds between stock index futures and their underlyingstocks.    Some commodity exchange officials fear federal regulatorsor Congress might move to restrict trading of stock indexfutures in an effort to curb stock price volatility.    Ketchum said the slide in stock prices was the result of a"fundamental change in investors' perceptions of economicconditions," triggered by "incorrect rumors" that West Germanywas set to cut its discount rate.    The SEC study indicated the seven firms that accounted formost of the arbitrage trading those days made 127 programtrades on September 11 and 117 trades September 12, accountingfor only 17.5 pct of the "sell side of the New York StockExchange's volume," Ketchum said.    He also said there was virtually no options index-relatedarbitrage activity those days.    Ketchum called "triple witching days" -- the Fridays eachquarter when stock index futures and options and opions onindividual stocks expire simultaneously - a "relatively minor,overdone question" that has "relatively easy solutions."    Moreover, "futures do not appear to have an impact onlong-term or probably even daily volatility," he said.    Finally, Ketchum said a free-fall in stocks and futuresprices driven by program sell-offs of stock index futures andindividual stocks was unlikely.    "We believe that the amount of money now available to comein on the other side of the market by institutions make itunlikely that that kind of snowballing effect would happen," hesaid.    But he said federal regulators could not discard thepossibility and would continue to be concerned by the issue. Reuter&#3;